0.04  Janice:240  Julia:160  Kelly:60  Emma:65
----------------------------------------------
   1. Go to the dining room. Click on the cabinet door left to Jason. He gets a whisky bottle.
   2. Go to the kitchen. Click on the fridge. Jason gets a lemonade.
   3. Catch Janice drinking whisky in the dining room (15:00 or 19:00). Click on "Sit by the table". Janice's whisky bottle is empty.
	Jason gives Janice a new whisky bottle in exchange for telling him about the argument she and his dad had the other night.
	Now Janice and Jason have a talk about the argument and she confirms that Jason and Julia are adopted.
   4. Catch Julia in the living room checking her phone and click on "Sit next to her" or catch Julia sitting in the tub by the pool and click on "Approach her".
	Jason tells Julia that they are adopted. She does not believe him.
   5. Repeat the following scenes to increase Janice's score:
	a) Go to the kitchen and get the scene where Janice asks Jason to pick up the sponge for her. Then Jason picks up the sponge for Janice.
	   As he gets back up, Jason slides his face into Janice's crotch. Janice's score increases by 5 (up to 40).
	b) Catch Janice in the living room reading a book. Click on "massage shoulders". Janice's score increases by 5 (up to 50).
   6. Make sure you complete at least one of the following scenes:
	a) Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!". When Janice's score is a least 35, click on "move her leg".
	   Janice's score increases by 10. Jason says: "Wow...nice view". Then click on "leave her be" to end the scene.
	b) Go to the bedroom when Janice is taking a nap (between 20:00 and 22:00). Click on "Get on the bed". Now Jason caresses Janice's ass.
	   There is a 50 % chance Janice catches Jason touching her ass. Repeat this until Jason says: "Wow! She really does have the best ass in the world!".
   7. Go to the bathroom, then to the room with the jacuzzi. Now pan the camera completely down and click on Janice's panties laying on the floor.
   8. Catch Julia sitting in the tub by the pool and click on "Approach her". Jason gives Julia the lemonade and sits next to her in the tub.
	Jason convinces Julia that they are adopted. Julia's score increases by 10. This unlocks Julia's scenes in the living room (step 9).
   9. Catch Julia crying in the living room. Click on "Get closer". There are 2 scenes, depending on Julia's score.
	a) When Julia's score is lower than 30, Julia tells Jason that her boyfriend Rick said some mean things to her. Jason comforts and hugs her.
	   Julia's score increases by 5 (up to 30).
	b) When Julia's score is 30 or higher, Julia tells Jason that her boyfriend Rick said that her boobs are pathetic. Jason comforts and hugs her.
	   Then Jason touches her tit (with her shirt on). With a chance of 50 % Jason convinces Julia to take her shirt off. Then he touches her tit and sucks on it.
	   Jason tells Julia that her boobs are definitely not pathetic. Julia kisses Jason and thanks him for cheering her up. Julia's score increases by 10 (up to 50).
	   For 100 % success, Julia's score must be 50 or higher.
  10. Go to the living room while Julia is taking a shower (21:00, 22:00 and additionally between 8:00 and 10:00 on weekends). Click on her phone laying on the table.
	When you have to enter the password, click on "Cancel".
  11. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and then click on "Buy something". Buy the "Suntan Lotion".
	Then click on "Back" and "Chat" to have a talk with her. Kelly introduces herself to Jason and Jason introduces himself to Kelly.
  12. Repeat the following scenes to increase Janice's score:
	a) Make sure you play this scene at least once. Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!".
	   Now click on "move her leg" and "touch it". Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 80).
	b) Go to the kitchen and wait for Janice washing the dishes. Click on "Touch her". Jason caresses Janice's ass. Finally, click on "Stop".
	   Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 100).
  	c) Make sure you have suncream (step 11). Go to the pool and catch Janice sunbathing on the towel. Click on "Approach her".
	   Jason puts suncream on Janice's back and asscheeks. Finally, Click on "Don't do it". Janice's score increases by 5 (up to 100).
  13. Make sure Janice's score does not exceed 110 when you play this step. Catch Janice in the living room reading a book.
	Click on "massage shoulders" and "Touch her boobs". Jason caresses Janice's boobs and kisses her. Janice's score increases by 5 (up to 110).
  14. Make sure Janice's score is 100 or higher. Go to the kitchen and wait for Janice washing the dishes. Click on "Touch her". Jason caresses Janice's ass.
	Now click on "Continue" and Jason caresses Janice's crotch.
  15. Wake up at night and go to the living room. There can be 2 scenes:
	a) No one is in the living room: Click on the TV and choose "Continue watching". The first time you do this, Jason gets +10 total energy (now at 15).
	   Make sure Janice's score is 100 or higher and you have done step 12 a. When Janice appears, click on "With your hand". Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 150).
	   (When Jason has less than $80, he can steal some money from Janice. Go directly to the bedroom instead of watching TV and click on "Just stay in a room".
	   Now click on the bag on the left armchair.)
	b) Julia is in the living room watching porn: Click on "Speak to her". There are 3 scenes, depending on the progress with her:
		a) Julia's score is lower than 40 and Jason has not touched her tit and has not sucked on her tit in the living room (step 9):
		   Julia asks Jason to leave her alone.
		b) Julia's score is between 40 and 80 and Jason touched her tit and sucked on her tit in the living room (step 9):
		   Julia lets Jason rub her pussy (with her panties on). Click on "Go back to sleep". Julia's score increases by 5 (up to 100).
		c) Julia's score is 90 or higher and Jason touched her tit and sucked on her tit in the living room (step 9):
		   Julia lets Jason rub her pussy (with her panties on). Click on "Ask take off her clothing". Julia takes off her panties.
		   Then she lets Jason fingerfuck her until she squirts. Julia's score increases by 10 (up to 160).
  16. Make sure your energy is 15 (step 15 a). Go home and to Jason's room. Click on "Sniff Mom's panties". Jason gets +10 total energy (now at 25).
  17. The next day after school, approach Billy. Jason tells him that he and Julia are adopted. When Jason is in his room, go back to the school and approach Billy again.
	Click on "Sell mom's panties". He gives Jason $50.
  18. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Electronics" store and buy the "Spy Camera".
  19. Go to the bathroom and click on the shower to hide the spy camera in there. Come back at least the next day and click on the shower. Choose "Download video".
	When Jason receives no video, come back the next day. When Jason receives the video, click on the shower again and choose "Take camera".
	(You can watch "Video 001" in Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Video Library".)
  20. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Sell Video001". He gives Jason $50.
  21. Go to the bedroom and click on the painting to hide the spy camera. Come back at least the next day and click on the painting. Choose "Download video".
 	When Jason receives no video, come back the next day. When Jason receives the video, click on the painting again and choose "Pick up camera".
	(You can watch "Video 002" in Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Video Library".)
  22. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Sell Video002". He gives Jason $30 and a screwdriver.
  23. Go home and to the living room. When no one is there and no one is in the bathroom, click on the bathroom door and on "Use screwdriver".
  24. Catch Julia in the dining room. Choose "Sit next to her". Jason and Julia have a talk about a password for a phone.
  25. Go to the living room while Julia is taking a shower (21:00, 22:00 and between 8:00 and 10:00 on weekends). Click on her phone.
	Then click on "Enter password..." and enter "Rick". Finally, click on "OK".
  26. The next day after school, approach Billy and click on "Chat". Jason and Billy have a talk about Kelly. Now click on "Ask about anal".
	Billy does not know what this is and cannot help Jason.
  27. Make sure you have suncream (step 11). Go to the pool and catch Janice sunbathing on the towel. Click on "Approach her".
	Jason puts suncream on Janice's back and asscheeks. Click on "Jump on her" and Jason rubs his crotch on Janice's crotch.
	Then he takes his cock out, strokes it and cums on Janice's ass. When Janice's score is 135 or higher, click on "Lick it" and Jason licks his cum off Janice's ass.
  28. Wake up at night and go to the living room. When no one is there, click on the TV and choose "Continue watching". When Janice appears, click on "With your mouth".
  29. Make sure Kelly's score is 15 or higher. Go to the pharmacy shop at 13:00 or between 15:00 and 19:00 and click on "Go in".
	Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and then click on "Buy something". Buy the "Condoms". Then click on "Back" and "Chat" to have a talk with Kelly.
	She says that her coffee break is at 14:00. Now click on "Ask about anal". Kelly tells Jason it has something to do with the butthole.
  30. Go home and to the living room. Catch Janice there reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Chat". Jason asks Janice about his real parents.
	Janice tells Jason that they brought him home from the hospital the day after he was born and never met his real mom.
  31. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly. She tells Jason that she worked at the hospital in town.
  32. Go home and to the living room. Catch Janice there reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Chat". Jason asks Janice about the hospital he was adopted from.
	Janice tells Jason that there is only one hospital in town.
  33. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly. Jason tells her that she is hotter than any girl at his school.
	When Kelly's score is 40 or lower, it increases by 5. Jason tells Kelly that he and his sister were adopted and that they were born in the hospital she worked at.
	Kelly confirms that she worked at the hospital pharmacy around the time he was born there. She tells Jason that a friend of hers worked at the hospital archives.
	She may still know someone there. Finally, Kelly tells Jason that she will try to contact her.
  34. Make sure Kelly's score is 25 or higher. Go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her".
	Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee. Finally, click on "Finish your coffee". Kelly's score increases by 5.
	Repeat this to increase Kelly's score up to 60.
  35. Go home and to the dining room. Catch Janice drinking whisky (15:00 or 19:00). Click on "Sit by the table". When Janice falls asleep, click on "Drop her on the table".
	Jason takes off Janice's pants. Now click on "Continue with ass". Jason plays with his finger on Janice's asshole and licks her asshole from the outside and inside.
  36. The next day go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and "Ask about her friend".
	It turns out that Kelly's friend is Emma, Jason's neighbor.
  37. Go to Emma's house until 19:00 and knock on the door. After Jason tells Emma that Kelly told him about her, Jason asks Emma to have a talk inside the house.
	Emma's score increases by 5. Jason explains that he is adopted and she could help him to find his real parents.
	Emma tells Jason that she knows one or two people at the hospital who could help him. Jason offers her to help around the house.
	Emma tells him to mow the lawn every Thursday.
  38. Make sure you have the spy camera. Go to Emma's house on Thursday until 19:00 and knock on the door. Emma asks Jason to come inside. Now click on "Mow the lawn". +++++++
	After Jason mowed Emma's lawn, Emma's score increases by 5 and she gives Jason $50. Now click on "Ask for glass of water".
	When Emma leaves the room, click on the TV to set up the spy camera.
  39. The next Thursday go to Emma's house until 19:00 again and knock on the door. Emma asks Jason to come inside. Now click on "Mow the lawn".
	After Jason mowed Emma's lawn, Emma's score increases by 5 and she gives Jason $50. Now click on "Ask for glass of water".
	When Emma leaves the room, click on the TV and choose "Download recording". Click on the TV again and choose "Pick up spycam" and "Just wait".
	(You can watch "Video 003" in Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Video Library".)
  40. The next Thursday go to Emma's house until 19:00 and knock on the door. Emma asks Jason to come inside. Now click on "Mow the lawn".
	After Jason mowed Emma's lawn, Emma's score increases by 5 (up to 65) and she gives Jason $50.
  41. Go home and to the living room. Catch Janice there reading a book. Click on "massage shoulders" and "Touch her boobs".
	Jason caresses Janice's boobs, sucks on one of them and licks her nipple. Then Jason takes Janice's pants off and licks her pussy. Now click on "Continue".
	Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 170). Only click on "Try to fuck" when Janice's score is 170 or higher and your energy is 30 or higher (see step 53).
  42. Make sure Kelly's score is 35 or higher. Go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her".
	Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee. Kelly goes to the restroom. After she returns, ask her about anal.
	Kelly refuses to talk about it and her score decreases by 10.
  43. The next day after school, approach Billy and chat with him. Jason tells Billy that he is pretty sure that Kelly knows what anal is.
	He says that Kelly is reluctant to talk about it. Billy tells Jason he could try to drug Kelly to make her talk about anal.
	He also tells Jason that he knows a guy who has what he needs. Billy asks Jason to bring him a nice picture with Janice in return.
  44. Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!". Now click on "move her leg", "touch it" and "Pull aside".
	Jason reveals Janice's pussy. Then click on "Take picture" and Jason takes a picture of Janice's pussy.
  45. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Talk about the guy" and Jason shows Billy the photo.
	Billy tells Jason that the guy does business at the school in the evenings and that he should be able to find him here.
  46. Go to the school at 18:00 or later and approach the shady guy. Jason introduces himself to the shady guy. He tells Jason that he has got what Jason is interested in.
	The shady guy asks Jason to pay him $50. Click on "Pay $50" to buy the "Vitamine X". The shady guy tells Jason that he just has to put it into a drink.
	Then the person will say or do nearly anything. Approach the shady guy again and buy the "Stamina pill" for $100.
	The stamina pill gives Jason +10 total energy (now at 35).
  47. The next day go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee.
	After Kelly goes to the restroom, click on "Put VitamineX into the coffee". After Kelly returns, click on "Ask about anal".
	Jason asks Kelly if she can tell him exactly what anal means. Kelly tells Jason that she can teach him everything he needs to know. Finally, click on "How to do anal".
	(To repeat this step and finally choose "How it feels", see step 618.)
  48. Go to the pharmacy shop again and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and then click on "Ask about energy pills". Kelly gives Jason the energy pills.
	The energy pills give Jason +10 total energy (now at 45). Click on "Buy something". Buy the "Lube".
  49. Make sure you have condoms and lube. Wake up at night. Go to the pool and wait for Julia. If she does not appear, try it the next night.
	Julia is crying and tells Jason that Rick wants to something that she has never done before. Jason guesses that Rick wants to have anal sex with Julia.
	Julia is afraid to mess it up and that Rick will leave her. Jason offers Julia to train anal sex properly. Julia would do anything for Rick, so she wants to do it.
	Jason and Julia go to Jason's room to have anal sex. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside". Julia's score increases by 10 (up to 160).
  50. To repeat the anal training with Julia (step 49), go to the pool at night and wait for Julia. Now click on "Talk about anal" to continue.
  51. Go to the bathroom while Janice is taking a shower or Julia is in the jacuzzi:
	a) Janice (between 20:00 and 22:00): Click on "Continue watching". Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Join her": You have 2 options:
			a) "Ask her to turn around": Jason sucks on Janice's tit. Click on "Use her thighs" to let Jason rub his cock between Janice's thighs.
			   Finally, Jason cums on Janice's pussy. Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 180).
			b) "Touch her butt": Jason touches Janice's butt. Click on "Take a closer look" and Jason licks Janice's ass. Finally, Jason cums on Janice's back.
			   Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 140).
		b) "Continue watching": Make sure Jason had sex with Janice at least once. Jason gets caught by Janice spying on her. Janice's score decreases by 5.
		   After Janice catches Jason for the fourth time, she puts him over her knee and spanks his ass.
		   Now go to the bathroom while Janice is using the toilet (between 20:00 and 22:00). Click on "Peek". Janice spreads her legs and lets Jason watch her pee.
		   Go back to the bathroom twice while Janice is using the toilet to extend the scene each time.
		   Finally, choose to pee in Janice's mouth or let Janice pee in Jason's mouth.
	b) Julia (21:00, 22:00 and additionally between 8:00 and 10:00 on weekends): Make sure Julia's score is 40 or higher. Click on "Continue watching".
	   With a chance of 50 % Julia wants Jason to come closer. For 100 % success, Julia's score must be 80 or higher. Julia's score increases up to 90.
	   Now Julia gives Jason a blowjob. When you click on "Cum on face" and "Kiss her", Julia's score increases by 5 (up to 80).
	   When Julia's score is 90 or higher, click on "Fuck the titties" (needs 10 or higher energy) or "Repeat the lesson" (needs lube and 20 or higher energy).
	   Then Jason fucks Julia's tits or ass. Julia's score increases by 10 (up to 130).
  52. Catch Janice drinking whisky in the dining room. Click on "Sit by the table". Janice falls asleep drunk. Now click on "Drop her on the table". You have 2 options:
	a) "Continue with ass": Make sure you have condoms, lube and 10 or higher energy. Jason takes Janice's pants off and licks her ass. Now click on "Try to fuck".
	   Jason puts some lube on Janice's ass and fucks her ass. Finally, he cums in Janice's ass.
	b) "Continue with pussy": Make sure you have 20 or higher energy. Jason takes Janice's pants off and licks her pussy. Click on "Fuck her".
	   Jason fucks Janice's pussy and then he takes her top off. He continues to fuck Janice's pussy. Then Janice wakes up and doesn't realize that Jason is fucking her.
	   Finally, she goes to the bathroom. 
  53. Make sure you have condoms, 30 or higher energy and Janice's score is 170 or higher. Catch Janice in the living room reading a book.
	Click on "massage shoulders" and "Touch her boobs". Jason caresses Janice's boobs, sucks on one of them and licks her nipple. Now click on "Try to fuck". 
	Jason shows Janice his hard cock and takes Janice's pants off. Then his puts a condom on. Now Jason fucks Janice in different positions.
	Finally, choose between "Cum inside", "Cum outside" and "Cum on her face". Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 210).
  54. After Jason has fucked Janice 3 times, she starts to appear randomly in Jason's room at night. Go to sleep in Jason's bed.
	When Janice enters Jason's room, she asks him if she can come in. Click on "Sure" and "Touch her". Janice gives Jason a blowjob. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Tits": Jason fucks Janice's tits. Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Keep going": Jason fucks Janice's tits and cums on her face. Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 240).
		b) "Continue in mouth": Jason fucks Janice's mouth. Finally, click on "Cum on her face" or "Cum in her throat". Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 240).
	b) "Pussy": Click on "Take off bottom wear", "Take off top and bottom wear", "Take off the suit" or "Undress completely". Then click on "Use condom".
	   Choose between "Be gentle" and "Be rough". When you choose to be gentle, Janice's gentle/rough score increases by 1. When you choose to be rough, it decreases by 1.
	   When Janice's gentle/rough score reaches +5 or -5, you see additional animations, depending on your choice.
	   Finally, click on "Cum on her pussy" or "Cum on her face". Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 240).
  55. Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!" to continue the scene.
	You can also continue the scene by clicking on "Talk about Tanlines". Click on "Swimsuit" to see Janice naked.
	Now use the "Tan Intensity" and "Tan Lines Intensity" sliders to change Janice's tan. Then choose between different tan lines. Finally, click on "Done".
	Now click on "move her leg", "touch it" and "Pull aside". Jason reveals Janice's pussy. Then click on "Touch her pussy", "Do it!" and "Finger her".
	Jason fucks Janice's pussy with one finger. Janice wakes up and wants Jason to show her his hard cock. Then she strokes Jason's cock and gives him a blowjob.
	Suddenly, Julia appears and catches Janice and Jason.
  56. Catch Julia sitting in the tub by the pool and click on "Approach her" and "Talk about Incident with mom".
	Jason and Julia have a talk about the blowjob Janice gave Jason. At the end of the conversation Jason believes that Julia is jealous. 
  57. Catch Janice drinking coffee in the dining room. Click on "Come closer" and "Talk about Julia". Another option is in the living room when Janice is reading a book.
	Click on "Talk to her" and "Talk about the incident". Jason tells Janice that Julia is jealous and that she likes her more than just as a mom.
  58. The next day after school, approach Billy and choose "Talk about mom". Jason tells Billy that Janice gave him a blowjob at the pool.
	Billy gets jealous and asks Jason if Janice would give him a blowjob. Jason refuses and tells Billy that this will never happen.
  59. Now Billy appears sometimes outside the pool area between 15:00 and 18:00. He asks Jason if he can watch Janice giving Jason a blowjob.
	Then click "Allow him to watch". Jason asks Billy to give him $100 to watch. He pays Jason $100.
  60. Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!". Now click on "move her leg", "touch it" and "Pull aside".
	Jason reveals Janice's pussy. Then click on "Touch her pussy", "Do it!" and "Finger her". Jason fucks Janice's pussy with one finger.
	Janice wakes up and wants Jason to show her his hard cock. Then she strokes Jason's cock and gives him a blowjob. Billy appears behind the bushes and watches them.
	Janice continues giving Jason a blowjob. Finally, Janice strokes Jason's cock and he cums on her face.
  61. Make sure you have suncream and Julia's score is 150 or higher. There is a chance to catch Janice and Julia sunbathing at the pool. Click on "Approach them".
	Julia asks Jason to put some sun lotion on her. As he puts the sun lotion on Julia, she asks Jason what he thinks about tan.
	Now click on "Swimsuit" to see Julia naked. Use the "Tan Intensity" and "Tan Lines Intensity" sliders to change Julia's tan. 
	Then choose between different tan lines and click on "Done".
  62. Make sure Janice's score is 200 or higher and Jason had sex with her at least 10 times. Now you can choose Janice's bed as Jason's sleeping bed.
	Go to the bedroom when Janice is not in there and click on the bed. Then click on "Set as your sleeping bed".
	When Jason goes to sleep in Janice's bed, click on "Wake her up". Now click on "Ask for a kiss" to have sex with her.
