0.05  Janice:240  Julia:160  Kelly:60  Emma:170
-----------------------------------------------
  63. The next day after school, approach Billy. He offers Jason $200 for a blowjob from Janice. Click on "Show him Video003". Billy recognizes the guy in the video.
	It is Rick, Julia's boyfriend.
  64. Go home and to the bedroom. Click on the nightstand on the right side of the bed. Jason takes a "Sleep mask".
  65. Go to the school and approach Billy. Click on "Talk about BJ offer". Jason asks Billy to come to his place at 14:00 and to hide in the bushes by the pool.
  66. Go home and to the pool. Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!".
	Now click on "move her leg", "touch it" and "Pull aside". Jason reveals Janice's pussy. Then click on "Touch her pussy", "Do it!" and "Finger her".
	Jason fucks Janice's pussy with one finger. Janice wakes up and wants Jason to show her his hard cock. Then she strokes Jason's cock.
	Jason asks Janice to put the sleep mask on. Janice puts the sleep mask on and Jason asks Billy to come closer.
	Now Billy sticks his cock in Janice's mouth and she gives him a blowjob. Then Billy cums prematurely in Janice's mouth.
	He goes away and Janice takes the sleep mask off. Then she gives Jason a blowjob. Suddenly, Julia appears and catches Janice and Jason.
  67. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Ask for payment". He pays Jason $200. Billy asks Jason to arrange another blowjob from Janice.
	Jason tells him to decide it soon and let him know.
  68. From now on Billy can get a blowjob from Janice at the pool every 7 days. after school, approach Billy. Click on "Talk about BJ".
	Billy offers Jason $100 for a blowjob from Janice. Click on "Agree" and Jason receives $100 from Billy. Now repeat step 66.
  69. Make sure Emma's score is 40 or higher. Sneak to Emma's backyard while she is exercising. When she is at her pool, click on "Leave".
	She asks Jason to help with her workout. Click on "Agree to help". Now Jason assists Emma with her exercises. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Just finish the exercise": The exercise ends. Emma's score increases by 5 (up to 85). She asks Jason to regularly help her to exercise.
	b) "Rub her butt": Make sure Emma's score is 80 or higher. Jason rubs his abdomen on Emma's butt. She enjoys this and Jason touches Emma's tit.
	   She liked what happened. Emma's score increases by 5 (up to 110). Now they are exercising assisted sit-ups. Jason loses his balance. Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Continue workout": After a couple more sit-ups, the exercise ends.
		b) "Kiss her": Make sure Emma's score is 100 or higher. Jason and Emma kiss each other. Emma's score increases by 10 (up to 140).
		   Now he asks Emma if he can see her tits. She shows Jason her tits and Jason sucks on one of them. Now you have 2 options:
			a) "Kiss her again": They kiss each other again and Emma asks Jason to help her with her workout again.
			b) "Show your dick": Jason shows Emma his hard cock. With a chance of 50 % Emma likes it and her score increases by 10 (up to 170).
			   For 100 % success her score must be 150 or higher. Then Jason fucks Emma's tits. Finally, choose between "Cum on her face" and "Cum in her mouth".
  70. At night Janice sleeps without a blanket and Jason can join her in the bedroom to sleep with her. Make sure Janice's bed is not Jason's sleeping bed. Wake up at night.
	Go to the bedroom and click on "Get on the bed". Jason asks Janice if he can sleep with her tonight. She tells him that he can stay.
	Jason asks Janice if she is feeling lonely, sleeping by herself all the time. She tells him that sometimes it is.
	Now Jason says that she needs the attention of a man and kisses her. He takes Janice's bra off and sucks on one of her tits. Now you have 3 options:
	a) "Take a rest": Jason and Janice fall asleep. Now click on "Keep dreaming". Jason dreams of fucking Janice's ass.
	b) "Get naked": Jason asks Janice to get naked. They both get naked and Jason lays on Janice. Then they fall asleep. Now click on "Keep dreaming".
	   Jason dreams of fucking Janice's pussy and getting her pregnant.
	When you do this on Fridays and Saturdays, Jason wakes up the next morning in the bedroom with Janice giving him a blowjob. Click on "Cum in mouth" or "Cum outside".
	Then go to the dining room. Janice is drinking coffee. Click on "Come closer". Jason asks Janice to sit on the table. Jason licks Janice's pussy.
	Finally, she squirts on Jason's face.
	c) "Sleep": Jason and Janice fall asleep.
  71. Make sure Janice's score is 180 or higher. Go to the bathroom while Janice is taking a shower (between 20:00 and 22:00).
	Click on "Continue watching" and "Join her". Jason washes Janice's back. Now click on "Ask her to turn around". Janice turns around.
	Now Jason puts his head between her tits. Then he sucks on one of Janice's tits. Now click on "Use her thighs". Jason slides his cock between Janice's thighs.
	Now click on "Slide inside". Jason slides his cock in Janice's pussy and fucks her. Janice warns him not to cum inside her pussy.
	Finally, click on "Pull out" and Jason cums on Janice's pussy.
  72. Go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee.
	Kelly goes to the restroom. After she returns, click on "Ask about outfit". Jason asks Kelly where she got the outfit she wore during their anal sex lesson (step 47).
	Kelly tells Jason the address of the website, where he can buy it.
  73. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store and buy the "Pet suit - Dog".
  74. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. When Janice enters Jason's room, she asks him if she can come in. Click on "Sure" and "Give her Dog suit".
	Jason asks Janice to put on the pet suit. Janice puts on the pet suit. Then click on "Go to the pool". Now Jason goes for a walk with Janice at the pool.
	Janice pees and then Jason and Janice go back to his room. Janice tells Jason that she found their roleplaying exciting.
  75. Catch Julia in the living room checking her phone. Click on "Sit next to her" and "Talk about mom". Jason and Julia talk about Janice's upcoming birthday.
	Jason tells Julia that he could arrange a nice surprise for Janice's birthday.
  76. Go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee.
	Kelly goes to the restroom. After she returns, click on "Ask for advice". Jason tells Kelly that his girlfriend’s birthday is coming up.
	He would like to make it very special for her. Kelly recommends a romantic dinner at a nice restaurant, wearing a sexy dress and nice jewelry.
