0.06  Janice:250  Julia:210  Kelly:150  Emma:170
------------------------------------------------
  77. Make sure you have Video003 in the inventory. (If you have Video001 or Video002 in the inventory, go to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Video Library".
	Now click on "Video 003" and "Download to USB" to receive Video003.) Catch Julia in the living room checking her phone.
	Click on "Sit next to her" and "Show video with Rick". Jason shows Julia the video where her boyfriend Rick is fucking Emma.
	Julia starts crying and Jason comforts her.
  78. Make sure Julia's score is 80 or higher and you have done step 77. Go to the hallway. Click on Julia's door until 19:00.
	Now make sure the option "Go in" shows up on the right side without Jason saying "Julia seems to be in her room.". Click on "Go in".
	In Julia's room click on the wardrobe and on "Hide inside". Jason hides inside Julia's wardrobe. Then click on "Wait". Later Janice enters Julia's room.
	Janice and Julia have a talk about what happened at the pool. Janice says to Julia that she does not have to be jealous.
	Julia tells Janice that she was not jealous because of Jason, but because of her. Then Julia reveals that she is attracted to her. They start to kiss each other.
	Julia kisses Janice and then they have sex together until both squirt.
  79. Wake up at night and go to Julia's room. Keep doing this until you played the following 3 scenes:
	a) Julia is sleeping in her bed: Click on "Check the wardrobe". Jason hides in Julia's wardrobe. Now Janice comes in and has some fun with Julia's feet.
	b) Julia is sitting on her bed crying: Julia says that her social life is a complete disaster. Jason tells her that she is very beautiful and she could be a model.
	   Jason says that he will help her find a job as a model. Julia's score increases by 5. (Play this scene once again, so Julia's score is 170.)
	c) No one is in the room and Jason asks himself where she could be at this hour: Click on the wardrobe to hide in there. Julia comes in and wonders where Jason is.
	   Then Janice comes in and asks Julia if she has seen Jason. Julia tells her that he maybe is in the bathroom or kitchen. Then Janice turns around and wants to go.
	   Now Julia sees a butt plug in Janice's asshole and asks her to take a closer look. Julia pulls the butt plug out of Janice's asshole.
	   Then she sticks it inside her own asshole. Now Julia takes her butt plug out of the nightstand and sticks it inside Janice's asshole.
	   Finally, they kiss each other and fall asleep.
  80. Go to Julia's room between 20:00 and 22:00. Get the scene where she is standing near the window in lingerie. Jason tells Julia that she is looking amazing.
	Now there can be 2 scenes (50 % by chance):
	a) Janice does not appear: Julia asks Jason if this hard thing she feels is his cock. Click on "Say yes" and Jason shows Julia his hard cock.
	   Now Julia gives Jason a blowjob and asks him if he has a condom. When you do not have at least one condom, Julia continues giving Jason a blowjob.
	   Finally, Jason cums on Julia's face. When you have at least one condom, Jason fucks Julia's pussy. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum on her face".
	   Julia's score increases by 10 (up to 180).
	b) Janice appears: Janice surprises Jason and Julia and asks them whether a threesome sounds like fun. Jason agrees and they get on Julia's bed.
	   Janice and Julia give Jason a blowjob. When you do not have at least one condom, Janice and Julia continue giving Jason a blowjob.
	   At the end of the scene Jason cums on their faces. When you have at least one condom, you have 2 options:
		a) "Use condom": Jason fucks Janice's and Julia's pussies and then Julia's ass (when you also have lube). At the end of the scene Jason cums on their faces.
		b) "Don't use condom": Janice and Julia continue giving Jason a blowjob. At the end of the scene Jason cums on their faces.
	   Janice's and Julia's scores increase by 10 (Janice: up to 250, Julia: up to 210).
  81. Make sure Kelly's score is 50 or higher. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Wait until Kelly is busy. Click on "Sneak to her" and "Pull the skirt".
	For 100 % success, Kelly's score must be 80 or higher, otherwise the chance is 50 %. Kelly's score increases by 5 (up to 85).
	Kelly asks Jason to go to the break room. In the break room, Kelly shows Jason her underwear. When Kelly's score is between 75 and 95, finally click on "Leave it".
  82. Make sure Kelly's score is 100 or higher. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Wait until Kelly is busy. Click on "Sneak to her" and "Pull the skirt".
	She agrees to show Jason her underwear in the break room. Now click on "Take off panties".
	When Kelly's score is 100 or higher and you have 20 or higher energy, click on "Try to fuck". In this case there is a 50 % chance to succeed.
	For 100 % success, Kelly's score must be 110 or higher. To end the scene, you have 2 options:
	a) "Cum inside": Jason cums in Kelly's pussy and her score decreases by 50. Go back to the pharmacy shop and pay Kelly $100 for the pills.
	b) "Cum on her face": Jason cums on Kelly's face and the scene ends. Kelly's score increases by 10 (up to 150).
  83. The next day go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee.
	Kelly goes to the restroom. After she returns, click on "Ask about lingerie".
	Jason tells Kelly that he really liked the lingerie she wore the other day (steps 81 and 82).
	Then he asks Kelly if she could recommend a shop where he can buy a hot dress. Kelly tells Jason that she has a very nice dress that she could sell him.
	Jason wants to see the dress before he buys it. Kelly tells him that she will bring it with her tomorrow.	
  84. The next day go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 again and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee.
	Kelly goes to the restroom. After she returns, click on "Ask about the dress". Kelly goes to put on the dress. Then she returns wearing the red dress.
	Jason is thrilled by the dress and wants to buy it. Click on "Pay her" to pay Kelly $150 for the dress.
  85. Go to Emma's house on Thursday until 19:00 and knock on the door. Emma asks Jason to come inside. Now click on "Mow the lawn".
	After Jason mowed Emma's lawn, she gives him $50. Now click on "Ask for glass of water".
	After she leaves the room, click on the red box on the right side under the TV. Jason opens the box and sees that inside the box is a nice necklace.
	Now click on "Steal it" to steal Emma's necklace. Finally, click on "Just wait".
  86. When Janice's score is 250 or higher, go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. You have 2 options:
	a) "Daily clothes": Choose between different outfits. Now choose the colors for each zone. Choose any outfit except for "Default clothes".
	   When you choose a swimsuit, you can also use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone.
	   Finally, click on "Ask her to wear as daily clothes".
	b) "Swimsuit": Choose between different swimsuits. Now choose the colors for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone.
	   Finally, click on "Ask her to wear this swimsuit".
  87. Go to Jason's room. Julia comes in and talks about Janice walking around in nothing but underwear.
	Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about outfits". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Daily outfits": Choose between "The X-mas outfit", "Black lingerie" and "Underwear". Click on "Done" and "Ask her to wear it all the time".
	   That way, Julia's outfit score increases up to 20. (You cannot choose the color for each zone and cannot use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look.
	   These are only for her latex outfits later in the game and her swimsuits.)
	b) "Swimsuits": Choose the "Default swimsuit". Now choose the colors for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone.
	   Click on "Done". Then click on "Wear it" to let Julia wear the swimsuit on this day or "Wear it as daily as well" to let her wear the swimsuit all the time at home.
