0.07  Janice:270  Julia:270  Kelly:150  Emma:170
------------------------------------------------
  88. Go to Emma's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Ask for advice". She recommends the "Star Restaurant".
  89. Go to Jason's room and click on his screen. Click on "Launch browser" and on the "Restaurant" website. Click on "Book Now" to book a table for $200.
  90. Click on the dresser. Jason gets dressed. He presents Janice the dress and the necklace. Later Janice and Jason have a lustful birthday night with anal sex.
  91. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Daily clothes".
	From now on you can also choose "Underwear with stockings" (within "Lingerie").
  92. When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, he can now have anal sex with her. Click on "Sure", "Touch her" and "Ass".
	Click on "Take off bottom wear", "Take off top and bottom wear", "Take off the suit" or "Undress completely".
	When you choose to use the lube, Janice's gentle/rough score increases by 1. When you choose to not use the lube, it decreases by 1.
	Choose between "Be gentle" and "Be rough". When you choose to be gentle, Janice's gentle/rough score increases by 1. When you choose to be rough, it decreases by 1.
	When Janice's gentle/rough score reaches +5 or -5, you see additional animations, depending on your choice. Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum on her face".
  93. Make sure you have lube and 20 or higher energy. Go to the bathroom while Janice is taking a shower. Now Jason can have anal sex with her.
	Click on "Continue watching" and "Join her". Then click on "Touch her butt" and "Take a closer look". To fuck Janice's ass, click on "Put inside".
  94. (Note: It is highly recommended to omit this step and to continue with step 95. When you play this step, you can increase Janice's score up to 460.
	At step 204 you can do this at the appropriate time.)
	Wake up at night and go to the living room. Click on the TV. When Janice appears, choose "Sex". (This option appears after Jason has fucked Janice 7 times.)
	Click on "Use condom" (Janice's score increases by 5, up to 450) or "Don't use condom". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Pussy": Jason fucks Janice's pussy. At the end of this scene choose between "Cum inside" (when using a condom), "Cum on her tits" and "Cum on her face".
	b) "Ass": When Janice's score is lower than 420, Jason fucks her ass.
	   At the end of this scene choose between "Cum inside", "Cum on her back", "Cum on her tits" and "Cum on her face".
	   When Janice's score is 420 or higher, you have 2 options:
		a) "Fuck her ass": At the end of this scene choose between "Cum inside", "Cum on her back", "Cum on her tits" and "Cum on her face".
		b) "Train her ass": Jason sticks a coned-shaped object in Janice's ass. You need to do this 4 times to complete the anal training.
		   After the fourth time, click on "Come inside" or "Come outside".
  95. Catch Julia in the living room crying. Click on "Get closer" and she takes Jason to her room. Julia lets Jason stick a butt plug in her ass.
	Now click on "Put on condom" or "Do it raw". When you click on "Put on condom", Jason fucks Julia's pussy. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum on her face".
	When you click on "Do it raw", Jason fucks Julia's pussy and cums on her face.
  96. Go to the bathroom and click on the shower to hide the spy camera in there.
  97. Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!" to continue the scene.
	You can also continue the scene by clicking on "Talk about Tanlines". Click on "Swimsuit" to see Janice naked.
	Now use the "Tan Intensity" and "Tan Lines Intensity" sliders to change Janice's tan. Then choose between different tan lines. Finally, click on "Done".
	Now click on "move her leg", "touch it", "Pull aside", "Touch her pussy", "Do it!" and "Finger her" to continue. Julia catches Janice giving Jason a blowjob.
	Now click on "Ask her to join". Choose to continue with Janice or Julia. You need to do this twice. The first time you do this, click on "Continue with Janice".
	The second time you do this, click on "Continue with Julia". Jason cums on their faces. Finally, click on "Follow them" to follow Janice and Julia to the shower.
  98. The next day go to the bathroom and click on the shower. Choose "Download video". Click on the shower again and choose "Take camera".
	(You can watch "Video 004" in Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Video Library".) The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Show him Video004".
	He gives Jason $50.
  99. Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!" to continue the scene.
	You can also continue the scene by clicking on "Talk about Tanlines". Click on "Swimsuit" to see Janice naked.
	Now use the "Tan Intensity" and "Tan Lines Intensity" sliders to change Janice's tan. Then choose between different tan lines. Finally, click on "Done".
	Now click on "move her leg", "touch it", "Pull aside", "Touch her pussy", "Do it!" and "Finger her".
	Continue the scene and Julia catches Janice giving Jason a blowjob. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Ask her to join": Choose to continue with Janice or Julia. Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Keep fucking pussy": Jason fucks her pussy and cums on Janice's and Julia's faces.
		b) "Switch to anal": Jason fucks her ass. Click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside".
	   Finally, click on "Follow them" to follow Janice and Julia to the shower, or click on "Stay".
	b) "Ask her to leave": Julia leaves the pool area. Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Try to fuck her": Choose between "Put on a condom" and "Do it raw". When you click on "Put on a condom", Jason fucks Janice's pussy.
		   Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum on her face". When you click on "Do it raw", Jason fucks Janice's pussy and cums on her face.
		b) "Enjoy the BJ": Janice gives Jason a blowjob. Finally, he cums on her face.
 100. Go to Emma's house until 17:00 and click on "Sneak to backyard" to catch Emma sitting by the pool. Click on "Come closer" and "Sit next to her".
	Emma tells Jason that someone has stolen her pearl necklace. Jason blames Rick for stealing the necklace.
 101. Go to Emma's house until 19:00 and click on "Sneak to backyard". There is a 50 % chance to get the scene where Jason hears a noise coming from the house.
	Click on "Check the noise". Watch Emma masturbating.
