0.09  Janice:300  Julia:270  Kelly:280  Emma:300  Rebecca:30
------------------------------------------------------------
 115. After school wait until Kevin walks inside the school at 16:00. Click on "Follow him". Inside the school click on the classroom door.
 116. Go outside the school. This time click on "Check the classroom window" and "Peek through the window".
 117. On a weekend morning (8:00 or 9:00) go to the kitchen. Janice is wearing an apron. Make sure you have lube. Approach her and click on "Finger her ass".
	Choose between "Use the lube" and "Don't use the lube". By using the lube, Janice's score increases by 10, when her score is lower than 250.
	Complete the scene and Jason puts the butt plug in Janice's ass.
 118. Go back to the kitchen and wait for Janice washing the dishes. Click on "Touch her" and "Continue".
	Then click on "Pull down her pants" (or "Uncover her butt" when Janice is wearing a one-piece outfit). Now there can be 2 scenes:
	a) Janice has no butt plug in her ass: Jason licks Janice's pussy. Click on "Use condom" or "Do it raw" to fuck Janice's pussy.
	   When using a condom, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside". When you click on "Cum outside", choose between "Cum in her mouth" and "Cum on her face".
	   When Jason fucks Janice raw, finally click on "Cum in her mouth" or "Cum on her face".
	b) Janice has the butt plug in her ass: Make sure Janice's score is 250 or higher and you have lube. Click on "Lick pussy" to continue with step 118 a.
	   Otherwise, click on "Check the buttplug". When you click on "Choose ass", Janice does not allow Jason to shove his hand in her ass and her score decreases by 10.
	   For now, click on "Choose pussy" to shove Jason's hand in Janice's pussy and make her squirt. That way, you are able to increase Janice's score up to 300.
 119. Make sure Janice's score is 250 or higher. Go to the bathroom while Janice is taking a shower (between 20:00 and 22:00). Click on "Continue watching".
	Then click on "Ask her to turn around", "Use her thighs" and "Slide inside". Jason slides his cock in Janice's pussy and fucks her in multiple positions.
	Finally, click on "Pull out" and Jason cums on Janice's ass. Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 300).
 120. Go to the beach and find Janice sunbathing on the main beach or catch Janice in the living room reading a book and click on "Ask her to go to the beach".
 121. Click on "Talk about tan". Now click on "Swimsuit" to see Janice naked. Use the "Tan Intensity" and "Tan Lines Intensity" sliders to change Janice's tan.
	Then choose between different tan lines. Finally, click on "Done".
 122. Make sure you have suncream. Also make sure Janice's score is 280 or higher and you have done the pool threesome with Janice and Julia (step 97).
	Now click on "Offer to sunbathe naked".
 123. Janice and Jason go to the remote part of the beach. After applying the suncream, there can be 3 different scenes:
	a) Janice's gentle/rough score is higher than +4: You get the vaginal hardcore scene.
	   When Janice's gentle/rough score reaches +7 and +9, you see additional animations. Finally, click on "Cum on her face".
	   (When you have the "Plan B pills" later in the game (step 188), click on "Cum inside" or "Cum on her face".)
	b) Janice's gentle/rough score is between -4 and +4: The scene just ends.
	c) Janice's gentle/rough score is lower than -4: You get the anal hardcore scene. When Janice's gentle/rough score reaches -7 and -9, you see additional animations.
	   Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum on her face".
 124. Go to Emma's house until 17:00 and click on "Sneak to backyard" to catch Emma sitting by the pool. Click on "Come closer" and "Sit next to her".
	Then click on "Grab her" to continue the scene. Finally, click on "Grab her" again to lick Emma's pussy.
	She passes out and Jason licks her ass and sticks a finger in it.
 125. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and then click on "Talk about Emma".
	Since Kelly is Emma's friend, Jason informs Kelly that Emma seems not to be happy. Kelly tells Jason to have a talk with Emma.
 126. On weekends between 12:00 and 16:00 go to Emma's house and click on "Sneak to backyard".
 127. Get the 2 scenes where Kelly and Emma are on the loungers and Kelly is alone on the lounger:
	a) Kelly and Emma: Click on "Approach them". Emma tells Jason that she and Kelly are relaxing a bit and they would like to have some privacy.
	   Jason feels sympathetic towards Kelly and Emma.
	b) Kelly: Click on "Approach her". Make sure you have suncream. When Kelly's score is lower than 115, it increases by 5 for applying the suncream on her legs.
	   When Kelly's score is 100 or higher, Jason gets a footjob from Kelly and her score increases by 10 for cumming on her legs (up to 160).
 128. Come back to Emma's backyard on weekends between 12:00 and 16:00. Catch Kelly and Emma sitting in the pool. Click on "Go closer" and "Put VitamineX into drinks".
	Kelly and Emma have sex together. At the end of the scene Kelly shoves her hand in Emma's ass. Emma cums and passes out. Kelly licks Emma's cum from her hand.
	She sees that Emma passed out. Kelly sticks a finger in Emma's ass and masturbates until she squirts.
 129. Come back to Emma's backyard on weekends between 12:00 and 16:00. Make sure Kelly and Emma are sitting in the pool again.
	Click on "Go closer", "Put VitamineX into drinks" and "Join them". Jason fucks Kelly and Emma and cums in Emma's pussy. Jason is exhausted and takes a nap.
	At the end of the scene Kelly and Emma squirt all over Jason's face.
 130. On Monday after school go home. Jason meets Janice and Emma in front of his home. They are talking about yoga sessions on Tuesdays.
 131. When Emma's score is 250 or higher and Jason meets her jogging in front of his home, she asks Jason to come over to check her broken TV.
 132. Go to Emma's house until 19:00 and knock on the door. Click on "Take a look at TV". Jason finds out that her TV remote is missing batteries.
 133. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and go to the "Electronics" store. Buy the "Batteries AAA".
 134. Go back to Emma's house until 19:00 and knock on the door. Emma gives Jason the TV remote and leaves the living room. Jason puts the batteries in the TV remote.
	Then he calls Emma and tells her that the TV remote is fixed. Suddenly, Emma appears in the living room wearing a sexy purple outfit.
	She rewards Jason by giving him a handjob and a titjob. Jason gets +10 total energy (now at 55).
 135. To repeat the scene with Emma (step 134), go to Emma's house until 19:00 and knock on the door. Now click on "Ask about the purple outfit".
 136. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store. Buy the "Pet Suit - Cow".
	When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure" and "Give her Cow suit". She refuses to wear it.
 137. Make sure Janice's score is 300 or higher. Go to the bedroom at 22:00 when Janice is not in there and click on "Wait for Janice".
	Jason fucks Janice's ass and cums in her. Janice leaves the bedroom to take a shower. Janice returns to the bedroom and Jason offers her a glass of water.
	Janice drinks the water. Janice and Jason fall asleep.
 138. Make sure Janice's score is 300 or higher. On weekend mornings in the dining room, when Janice is drinking coffee, click on "Come closer". Jason kisses Janice's neck.
	Then click on "Ask her to wear the lingerie all day" to let Janice wear the lingerie daily or click on "Continue" to end the scene.