0.11  Janice:360  Julia:300  Kelly:280  Emma:380  Rebecca:200  Adrianna:25
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 157. After school wait until Kevin walks inside the school at 16:00. Click on "Check the classroom window" and "Record with the phone".
	Jason gets the video file "Rebecca.mp4".
 158. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the classroom. Click on "Show the video with Kevin". Jason shows Rebecca the video.
 159. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the classroom. Click on "Sneak to her". Rebecca gives Jason a blowjob.
	Finally, click on "Cum on her face" or "Cum inside her throat".
 160. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the classroom. Click on "Sneak to her". Jason plays with Rebecca's ass and fucks her thighs.
	Finally, he cums on the desk and the piece of paper with the next math tests. Rebecca's score increases by 10.
 161. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the classroom. Click on "Sneak to her". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Ask for BJ": Rebecca gives Jason a blowjob. Finally, click on "Cum on her face" or "Cum inside her throat". Rebecca's score increases by 10.
	b) "Play with the ass": Jason plays with Rebecca's ass and fucks her thighs. Finally, he cums on the desk and the piece of paper with the next math tests.
	   Rebecca's score increases by 10.
 162. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the classroom.
	When Rebecca's score is 60 or higher, there is a 50 % chance to get the scene where she is waiting for Jason. Rebecca orders Jason to sit down on the chair.
	Jason pulls his cock out and Rebecca touches it. Rebecca's score increases by 5. Then click on "Let her continue". Now Rebecca rubs Jason's cock.
	When Rebecca's score is lower than 80, Jason touches her and she tells him that he is not allowed to touch the teacher. Finally, Rebecca tells Jason to leave.
 163. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the classroom. Get the scene where Rebecca is waiting for Jason. Rebecca orders Jason to sit down on the chair.
	Jason pulls his cock out and Rebecca touches it. Rebecca's score increases by 5. When Rebecca's score is lower than 180, click on "Let her continue".
	Now Rebecca rubs Jason's cock. When Rebecca's score is 80 or higher, Jason touches her and tells her to lay back and relax.
	Jason rubs his cock between Rebecca's thighs. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Cum anyway": Jason cums on the floor and Rebecca's score increases by 10.
	b) "Let her suck": Rebecca gives Jason a blowjob. Finally, click on "Cum in her throat" or "Cum on her face". Rebecca's score increases by 10.
	When Rebecca's score is 130 or higher, she appears topless. When Rebecca's score is 170 or higher, she appears topless and without panties.
	When Rebecca's score is 140 or higher, click on "Kiss her butt". Rebecca tells Jason to stop it and the scene ends.
	When Rebecca's score is 180 or higher, click on "Kiss her butt". The scene continues and finally Jason cums on Rebecca's face. Rebecca's score increases by 10.
 164. Go to the toilet and catch Rebecca there. When Rebecca's score is 110 or higher, click on "Get in". Kevin enters the toilet and Jason hides in Rebecca's stall.
	Now Jason watches Rebecca peeing.
 165. On Tuesday go to the living room and wait for Janice and Emma to exercise. Click on "Hide and watch".
 166. Go to the school at 18:00 or later and approach the shady guy. He asks Jason to deliver a package to Adrianna.
 167. The next day go to the studio and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Give her the package".
 168. Go to the school at 18:00 or later and approach the shady guy. He gives Jason a CD with "Hypno Music".
 169. Go home and to the living room. Click on the CD player under the TV. Jason switches the CDs.
 170. Catch Janice exercising in the living room. Click on "Keep watching" and "Hide and watch". Now click on "Use hypno command" and "Seduce Emma".
 171. On Tuesday go to the living room and wait for Janice and Emma to exercise. Choose "Hide and watch". Once they leave the room, choose "Follow them".
	Janice's and Emma's score must be 250 or higher to join them and you must have 40 or higher energy. Choose between "Pussy" and "Ass" to fuck Emma's pussy or ass.
	Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Choose pussy": Jason fucks Janice's pussy. Finally, he cums on Janice.
	   (When you have the "Plan B pills" later in the game (step 188), click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside".)
	b) "Choose anal": Jason fucks Janice's ass. Now choose between "Cum inside mom's ass", "Cum inside Emma's ass" and "Cum outside".
	The first time you play this scene, Jason gets +10 total energy (now at 65).
 172. Go to Emma's house on Thursday until 19:00 and knock on the door. Emma asks Jason to come inside. Now click on "Mow the lawn".
	After Jason mowed Emma's lawn, she gives him $50. Now click on "Ask for glass of water". When Emma leaves the room, click on the "Double Dildo" under the table.
	Emma tells Jason that Kelly left it here after her last visit.
 173. On Tuesday go to the living room and wait for Janice and Emma to exercise. Choose "Hide and watch". Once they leave the room, choose "Follow them".
	Click on "Show them the double dildo". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Ass to ass": Janice and Emma stick the dildo in their asses. Now choose to fuck Janice or Emma.
	b) "Pussy to pussy": Janice and Emma stick the dildo in their pussies. Now choose to fuck Janice's or Emma's ass.
 174. Catch Janice exercising alone in the living room. Click on "Keep watching" and "Hide and watch". Now click on "Use hypno command" and "Become a cow".
 175. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. Now Janice visits Jason in his room. Click on "Sure" and "Give her Cow suit" to continue the scene.
 176. Make sure you have suncream. Go to the pool and catch Janice sunbathing on the towel. Approach her and choose "Pull swimsuit aside". Now click on "Try to fuck".
	Jason fucks Janice's ass. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
