0.18  Janice:460  Julia:360  Kelly:330  Emma:380  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:175  Rachel:200  Danielle:5
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 271. Make sure you have done the pool threesome with Janice and Julia (step 97) and the day is 100 or higher. Go to the living room at 13:00 and meet aunt Danielle.
	Choose her appearance.
 272. Jason carries Danielle's luggage to her house. Danielle's house is now unlocked on the map.
 273. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back.
	Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept".
 274. Rachel goes away to get dressed. Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "... Let's find it out".
 275. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Ask about lingerie store". She tells Jason about the "Veronica's Secret" store.
 276. Go back to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Go to the "Veronica's Secret" store and buy "Veronica's special" for Rachel.
 277. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy is not at home, click on "Give her Veronica's special".
 278. After 3 days go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept".
 279. Rachel goes away to get dressed. Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Ask about progress with Billy". Jason tells Rachel to buy her high heels.
 280. Go to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Go to the "Veronica's Secret" store and buy the "High heels by D.B.".
 281. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy is not at home, click on "Give her High heels by D.B.". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Stomach": Rachel lays on her stomach and Jason massages her legs. Click on "Play with her ass".
	   When Rachel's score is lower than 160, Jason could get caught by Rachel kissing her ass cheeks. Rachel's score decreases by 5 and Jason leaves the house.
	   For 100 % success, Rachel's score must be 160 or higher.
	b) "Back": Rachel lays on her back and Jason massages her legs. Click on "Touch her tits".
	   When Rachel's score is lower than 150, Jason could get caught by Rachel touching her tits. Rachel's score decreases by 5 and Jason leaves the house.
	   For 100 % success, Rachel's score must be 150 or higher. Then click on "Pull down the bra".
	   When Rachel's score is lower than 170, Jason could get caught by Rachel pulling down her bra. Rachel's score decreases by 5 and Jason leaves the house.
	   For 100 % success, Rachel's score must be 170 or higher.
 282. To repeat the scene with Rachel (step 281), go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed.
	Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Ask her to show the shoes".
 283. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Daily clothes", "Latex outfits" and choose a latex outfit.
	Choose the color for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone of the latex outfit.
	Finally, click on "Ask her to wear as daily clothes".
 284. Go to Jason's room. Julia comes in and talks about Janice walking around in latex suits.
 285. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Go to the "Fetish Outfits" store and buy the "Leotard with Sleeves" and "Latex Leotard" for Julia.
 286. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about outfits" and "Daily outfits". Give Julia the "Leotard with sleeves".
	Choose the color for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone of the latex outfit. Then click on "Done".
	Finally, click on "Ask her to wear it all the time". That way, Julia's outfit score increases up to 40.
 287. Go to Julia's room again when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about outfits" and "Daily outfits". Give Julia the "Latex leotard".
	Choose the color for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone of the latex outfit. Then click on "Done".
	Finally, click on "Ask her to wear it all the time". That way, Julia's outfit score increases up to 40.
 288. When Julia's outfit score is 20, go to Jason's room. Jason gets a message about new small sized latex outfits. (Triggered when Julia's outfit score is 10.)
 289. Wait one hour and Jason gets a message about new small sized latex condom suits. (Triggered when Julia's outfit score is 20.)
 290. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store.
	Buy the "Latex suit Love", the "Condom catsuit Slick", the "Condom catsuit" and the "Condom catsuit with corset".
 291. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about outfits" and "Daily outfits". Give Julia the "Latex suit Love".
	Then give her the 3 condom catsuits. Choose the color for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone of the latex outfit.
	Then click on "Done". Finally, click on "Ask her to wear it all the time".
	That way, Julia's outfit score increases up to 60 for the "Latex suit Love" and up to 100 for the 3 condom catsuits.
 292. Make sure Julia's bed is not Jason's sleeping bed. Wake up at night and go to Julia's room. When no one is there, click on the wardrobe and hide in there.
	You get a butt plug play scene with Janice and Julia.
 293. Make sure Julia's bed is not Jason's sleeping bed. Wake up at night and go to Julia's room again. When no one is there, click on the wardrobe and hide in there.
	You get a butt plug play scene with Janice and Julia. Now Jason can join them. Click on "Sneak out and join them" and choose between Janice and Julia.
	When you click on "Choose Janice", you have 2 options:
	a) "Be gentle": Jason sucks on Janice's tit and licks her pussy. Click on "Continue with pussy" or "Continue with ass" to fuck her pussy or ass.
	   Now choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside". When you choose "Cum inside", Jason cums in Janice.
	   Now click on "Stay inside" or "Pull out" to have Jason's cock inside or outside Janice while they sleep.
	   When you choose "Cum outside", Jason cums on Janice's and Julia's faces and the scene ends.		 
	b) "Be rough": Jason fucks Janice's pussy. Choose "Continue with pussy" or "Switch to ass" to fuck her pussy or ass.
	   Now choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside". When you choose "Cum inside", Jason cums in Janice.
	   Now click on "Stay inside" or "Pull out" to have Jason's cock inside or outside Janice while they sleep.
	   When you choose "Cum outside", Jason cums on Janice's and Julia's faces and the scene ends.
	When you click on "Choose Julia", Jason fucks her pussy. Now click on "Continue with pussy" or "Continue with ass" to fuck her pussy or ass.
	Now choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside". When you choose "Cum inside", Jason cums in Julia.
	Now click on "Stay inside" or "Pull out" to have Jason's cock inside or outside Julia while they sleep.
	When you choose "Cum outside", Jason cums on Janice's and Julia's faces and the scene ends.    
 294. Janice and Julia can now wear their condom catsuits during the threesome in Julia's room in the evening.
	Make sure you have lube and you have done Janice's birthday night (step 90) and Emma's TV repair (step 134).
	Also make sure Janice and Julia wear their condom catsuits. Go to Julia's room between 20:00 and 22:00.
	Get the scene where she is standing near the window wearing the condom catsuit. There is a 50 % chance that Janice comes in and joins Jason and Julia.
	If Janice does not appear, click on "Say no". Come back to Julia's room between 20:00 and 22:00 until Janice comes in. Click on "Use condom" or "Don't use condom".
	Jason fucks Janice's and Julia's pussies and asses. Jason cums in Julia's pussy. Janice feels neglected. Subsequently Jason fucks Janice's pussy and cums in her.
 295. Make sure you have done the steps 239 to 244 for Janice and the steps 283 to 291 for Julia, so both have condom catsuits. They do not have to wear it.
	Also make sure John is not at home (until step 301) and Jason sleeps in another than Janice's bed. Wake up at night and go to the bedroom.
	There is a chance for Jason to catch Janice and Julia on the bed wearing condom catsuits. If this happens, Janice says that tonight is "Latex only" night.
	Jason cannot join Janice and Julia.
 296. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store. Buy the "Male Latex suit pack".
 297. Wake up at night and click on the dresser in Jason's room. Click on "Put on Latex suit". Choose between different colors for Jason's latex suit.
	Go to the bedroom. There is a chance for Jason to catch Janice and Julia on the bed wearing condom catsuits. If this happens, Jason joins Janice and Julia.
	Choose to take the detachable penis sheath off or to keep it on. Now choose to start with Janice or Julia and then click on "Pussy" or "Ass".
	During the scene switch to Janice's and Julia's pussies and asses. Finally, click on "Cum!".
 298. Go to Jason's room. Jason gets a message about new large sized latex outfits. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser".
	Go to the "Fetish Outfits" store and buy the "Latex suit Bare Butt" (Size L) for $150.
 299. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Give her Latex suit Barebutt".
 300. Make sure you have done the steps 298 and 299 and Janice's outfit score is 50 or higher (50 or more days of Janice wearing non-default outfits).
	Also make sure Janice's bed is Jason's sleeping bed. Now go to sleep in Janice's bed. The next day go to Jason's room.
	Jason gets a message about new large sized latex outfits. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser".
	Go to the "Fetish Outfits" store and buy the "Latex suit Shameless" (Size L) for $150.
 301. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Give her Latex suit Shameless".
