0.21  Janice:460  Julia:360  Kelly:330  Emma:380  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:225  Rachel:310  Danielle:150  Kira:10
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 336. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. Knock on the door again until Rachel opens the door.
	She asks Jason if he has talked to Emma. Jason says that he has not. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Sure". Rachel goes away to get dressed.
	Click on "Follow her". When she gets undressed, click on "Approach her". Choose between "Be gentle" and "Be rough".
	Billy comes home and catches Rachel and Jason having sex.
 337. The next day after school, approach Billy. He is mad at Jason. He tells Jason that he does not care about Janice anymore and that Shelle Nightmore is his new idol.
 338. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and go to the "Cosplay Store". Buy the "Shelle Nightmore Cosplay kit".
 339. When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure" and "Give her Cosplay kit". Janice and Jason go to the beach. Jason takes some pictures.
	When you do this on Fridays and Saturdays, Janice gives Jason a blowjob after taking the pictures.
	(You can see the photos in Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Photo Library".)
 340. The next day after school, approach Billy. Jason shows him the photo with Shelle Nightmore. Billy asks Jason for a photo with a naked Shelle Nightmore.
 341. When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure" and "Give her Cosplay kit". Janice and Jason go to the beach. Click on "Naked photoshoot".
	Jason takes some pictures. (You can see one photo in Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Photo Library".)
 342. The next day after school, approach Billy. Jason shows him the photos with the naked Shelle Nightmore.
 343. (Billy): When you have done the steps 265 b, 320 b and 321 b, click on "Invite him to the next photoshoot".
 344. (Billy): When Janice visits Jason in his room at night on Fridays and Saturdays, click on "Sure" and "Give her Cosplay kit". Janice and Jason go to the beach.
	Choose between "Ordinary photoshoot" and "Naked photoshoot". Jason takes some pictures. Janice gives Jason a blowjob after taking the pictures.
	Now click on "Call Billy". Janice gives Jason and Billy a blowjob. You can change to Jason and Billy.
	When you click on "Continue", Jason and Billy cum on Janice's face.
 345. (Billy): When Janice visits Jason in his room at night on Fridays and Saturdays, click on "Sure" and "Give her Cosplay kit". Janice and Jason go to the beach.
	Choose between "Ordinary photoshoot" and "Naked photoshoot". Jason takes some pictures. Janice gives Jason a blowjob after taking the pictures.
	Now click on "Tell him to stay and watch". Jason fucks Janice's pussy while Billy watches.
	On Monday after school Billy approaches Jason and says he knows that Shelle actually is Janice.
 346. (Billy): When Janice visits Jason in his room at night on Fridays and Saturdays, click on "Sure" and "Give her Cosplay kit". Janice and Jason go to the beach.
	Choose between "Ordinary photoshoot" and "Naked photoshoot". Jason takes some pictures. Janice gives Jason a blowjob after taking the pictures.
	Now click on "Call Billy". Janice gives Jason and Billy a blowjob. You can change to Jason and Billy.
	When you click on "Continue", Jason and Billy cum on Janice's face. Billy calls Janice by her name and reveals he knew it is her.
	From now on Janice and Billy no longer appear together on the pier.
 347. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. Knock on the door again until Rachel opens the door.
	She asks Jason if he has talked to Emma. Jason says that he has not. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Sure". Rachel goes away to get dressed.
	Click on "Follow her". When she gets undressed, click on "Approach her". Choose between "Be gentle" and "Be rough".
	When Rachel's gentle/rough score reaches +5 or -5, you see additional animations, depending on your choice. Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside".
 348. Go to Danielle's house and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "About her breast" to see her breasts again.
	Click on "Touch them" to let Jason touch her breasts. To succeed, Danielle's score must be 100 or higher, otherwise the chance is 50 %.
	Click on "Taste the nipple" to let Jason suck on her nipple. To succeed, Danielle's score must be 120 or higher, otherwise the chance is 50 %.
 349. After Jason has touched Danielle's breasts and sucked on her nipple, go to the beach and wait until Danielle is there. Click on "Come closer".
	Danielle and Jason have some fun in the water and then they lay on the towel. Danielle says that she pulled a neck muscle during the jump. Click on "Offer massage".
	(There is a 20 % chance that Janice catches them and the scene ends. Janice's score decreases by 10. She will be mad at Jason for 7 days.
	During this "mad period" Janice refuses to have sex with Jason.) After the massage, Danielle and Jason go behind the lifeguard tower.
	Jason fucks Danielle's tits and cums on her face. (There is a 20 % chance that Janice catches them. Janice's score decreases by 10.
	She will be mad at Jason for 7 days. During this "mad period" Janice refuses to have sex with Jason.)