0.24  Janice:480  Julia:360  Kelly:330  Emma:390  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:225  Rachel:400  Danielle:150  Kira:40
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 397. (Billy): When Janice visits Jason in his room at night on Fridays and Saturdays, click on "Sure" and "Give her Cosplay kit". Janice and Jason go to the beach.
	Choose between "Ordinary photoshoot" and "Naked photoshoot". Jason takes some pictures. Janice gives Jason a blowjob after taking the pictures.
	Now click on "Call Billy". Janice gives Jason and Billy a blowjob. You can change to Jason and Billy.
	When you click on "Continue", Jason and Billy cum on Janice's face. From now on Janice and Billy appear together on the pier again.
 398. (Billy): On Monday after school Billy approaches Jason and says that Janice is trying to avoid him. He asks Jason to help him fix the things with her.
	Click on "Ok I'll help".
 399. (Billy): Go home and to the living room. Catch Janice there reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Talk about Billy".
	Jason convinces Janice to let Billy see her body while sunbathing at the beach.
 400. (Billy): The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Tell him the great news".
	Jason tells Billy that Janice agreed to meet him at the beach without the costume.
 401. (Billy): Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. There can be 2 scenes:
	a) Rachel opens the door and asks Jason if he has talked to Emma. Jason says that he has not. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Nah, I need to go".
	   Knock on the door again. When Billy opens the door, click on "invite him to the beach".
	b) Billy opens the door. Click on "invite him to the beach".
 402. (Billy): Billy and Jason meet Janice on the remote part of the beach. Billy touches Janice's tits. Then she asks Jason and Billy to leave.
 403. (Billy): Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. There can be 2 scenes:
	a) Rachel opens the door and asks Jason if he has talked to Emma. Jason says that he has not. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Nah, I need to go".
	   Knock on the door again. When Billy opens the door, click on "invite him to the beach".
	b) Billy opens the door. Click on "invite him to the beach".
 404. (Billy): Billy and Jason meet Janice on the remote part of the beach. Billy touches Janice's tits and sucks on one of them. Janice gets horny and tells Billy to leave.
	Now there can be 2 different scenes:
	a) Janice's gentle/rough score is 0 or higher: You get the vaginal hardcore scene. When Janice's gentle/rough score reaches +7 and +9, you see additional animations.
	   Click on "Cum inside" or "Cum on her face".
	b) Janice's gentle/rough score is lower than 0: You get the anal hardcore scene. When Janice's gentle/rough score reaches -7 and -9, you see additional animations.
	   Click on "Cum inside" or "Cum on her face".
 405. Go to Emma's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Talk about Rachel". Jason tells Emma that his friend's mom is having a hard time losing some weight.
	Jason asks Emma for help and to give Rachel some tips. Emma tells Jason about her niece, who soon moves in with her.
	Her niece is a medical student and applied for a practice program at the hospital. Emma asks Jason to deliver some of her niece's documents to the hospital.
	Then she will help Rachel.
 406. Go to the hospital and click on "Go inside". Now click on "Approach receptionist" and "Give her Emma's envelope".
	The receptionist checks the registration papers and asks Jason to pay the registration fee. Click on "Pay the fee" to give her $100.
 407. Go to Emma's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Tell about delivered documents".
	Emma tells Jason that she visited Rachel and that she gave her some tips. From now on Jason can meet Emma and Rachel jogging in front of his home.
 408. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. Knock on the door again until Rachel opens the door.
	Jason asks Rachel about her weight losing program. She tells Jason that Emma is an amazing teacher and she thanks Jason for introducing her to Emma.
 409. At least 7 days later go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	Knock on the door again until Rachel opens the door. She asks Jason for dumbbells. Jason tells Rachel to get her the dumbbells.
 410. The next day after school, approach Kevin. Click on "Ask about dumbbells." He asks Jason to give him the school door's key.
	Approach Kevin again and click on "Give him The Key".
 411. The next day after school, approach Kevin. Click on "Ask about the dumbbells". Jason receives the dumbbells and the school door's key from Kevin.
 412. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. Knock on the door again until Rachel opens the door.
	Jason gives her the dumbbells.
 413. At least 7 days later go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	Knock on the door again until Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Go in". She is exercising and asks Jason to get her weight loss supplements.
	Then she asks Jason if he wants a cup of coffee. Click on "No, I need to go".
 414. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Now you have 2 possibilities:
	a) "Ask about Weight loss supplements": When Kelly's score is 320 or higher, she asks Jason to pay her $100 for the supplements.
	   Click on "Pay" to buy the supplements.
	b) "Offer your help at the store": Choose this when Kelly's score is lower than 320 or to steal the supplements.
	   (If Kelly refuses, click on the map and come back again until she agrees.) Now click on "Search for the supplements".
	   Jason could get caught by Kelly and her score decreases by 10. When Jason does not get caught by Kelly, click on "Take it".
 415. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. Knock on the door again until Rachel asks Jason to come inside.
	She is exercising and Jason gives her the weight loss supplements. Then she asks Jason if he wants a cup of coffee. Click on "No, I need to go".
 416. At least 7 days later go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	Knock on the door again until Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Go in". She is exercising and tells Jason she wants to show him something.
	Rachel comes back wearing a corset. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Pussy": Jason licks and fucks Rachel's pussy. Now click on "Stick it back into her pussy" to fuck her pussy in different positions.
	   When you click on "Stick in her ass", Rachel does not allow Jason to fuck her ass and he continues to fuck her pussy in different positions.
	   Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Pull out".
	b) "Ass": Jason licks Rachel's ass. She does not allow Jason to fuck her ass. Jason fucks Rachel's pussy in different positions.
	   Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Pull out".
 417. Make sure you have lube. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	When Rachel asks you to come in, click on "Leave". Get the scene where Rachel opens the door wearing her red robe.
	When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed.
	Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Ask her to show the shoes". Now click on "Stomach". Rachel lays on her stomach and Jason massages her legs.
	Click on "Play with her ass". Now click on "Take off panties" and "Stick your finger in". Jason uses the lube and sticks 2 fingers in Rachel's ass.
	Finally, Jason fucks Rachel's ass and cums in her. When you repeat the scene there is a 50 % chance that Billy comes home near the end of the scene.
 418. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. Make sure you have lube. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	When Rachel opens the door, click on "Leave" to end the scene. Knock on the door again until Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Go in".
	She is exercising and tells Jason she wants to show him something. She comes back wearing a corset. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Pussy": Jason licks and fucks Rachel's pussy. Now click on "Stick it back into her pussy" to fuck her pussy in different positions.
	   Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Pull out".
	b) "Ass": Jason licks Rachel's ass and fucks her ass in different positions. Finally, click on "Cum on her face" or "Tell her to sit back on your cock".