0.25  Janice:480  Julia:370  Kelly:330  Emma:390  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:225  Rachel:400  Danielle:150  Kira:200
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 419. Make sure Kira's score is 40 or higher and you have done the previous events with Kira (see 0.20 and 0.22). The next day after school go inside the school.
	Go to the locker room and catch Kira there. Click on "Approach her" and "Compliment her".
 420. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the locker room and catch Kira there.
	When Kira's score is 50 or higher, click on "Approach her" and "Ask her to show cheer moves".
 421. When Jason hears that someone is in the shower room, click on the door to the shower room. Jason looks at Kira taking a shower. The door squeaks and Kira startles.
	Jason leaves the shower room.
 422. (John): If John is not at home, wait until he comes home. Now click on the map and on Jason's home. When Jason is standing in front of his home, click on John's car.
	Jason takes an oil can out of the trunk.
 423. Go inside the school and go to the locker room. When no one is there and no one is in the shower, click on the door to the shower room.
	Now click on "Oil the door's hinge".
 424. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the locker room and wait until Jason hears that someone is taking a shower. Click on the door to the shower room.
	Jason looks at Kira taking a shower. He enters the shower room and takes a closer look at Kira.
 425. The next day after school go inside the school. Kira approaches Jason and asks him for help with her algebra homework.
 426. Make sure you have done the steps 259 and 260. Enter the classroom.
	When Jason finds Rebecca at her desk busy with papers, click on "Talk" and "Ask for help with Kira's homework".
 427. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Give back her finished homework".
 428. Go to the locker room and wait until Jason hears that someone is taking a shower. Click on the door to the shower room. Jason looks at Kira taking a shower.
	He enters the shower room and takes a closer look at Kira. Click on "Step in". Jason enters the shower. Kira is surprised and kicks Jason out of the shower.
 429. Make sure you have suncream. Go to the beach and meet Kira sunbathing at 17:00 or 18:00. Click on "Approach her".
	Click on "Talk about tan lines" and choose the strength of Kira's tan lines. Now click on "Ask about her plans".
	When she asks Jason if she is the hottest girl he have ever laid hands on, click on "Yes". Repeat this and then click on "Touch her butt" and "Rub her pussy".
	Kira says that she liked that, but is afraid that Mike sees them.
 430. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the locker room and wait until Jason hears that someone is taking a shower. Click on the door to the shower room.
	Jason looks at Kira taking a shower. He enters the shower room and takes a closer look at Kira. Click on "Step in". Jason enters the shower.
	Kira does not kick Jason out of the shower and touches his cock. Then Mike enters the shower room. Jason hides behind the shower curtain.
	Kira tells Mike to wait for her in the car and to get out of the shower room, before he gets her into trouble.
 431. Go inside the school at 16:00 and go to the toilet. Jason sees Mike jerking off to Julia's picture.
 432. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Ask her a favor".
	Jason convinces Julia to be photographed with Mike while she is wearing a cheerleader outfit.
 433. Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the cheerleader outfit".
	Adrianna tells Jason to come back tomorrow to give him the cheerleader outfit.
 434. The next day go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 again and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the cheerleader outfit".
	Adrianna gives Jason the "Cheerleader costume".
 435. Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Give her Cheerleader costume". Julia's score increases by 10.
 436. Go inside the school at 16:00 and go to the toilet. Jason sees Mike jerking off to Julia's picture. Now click on "Call Julia". Mike forces himself on Julia.
	Jason takes some pictures of it.
 437. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Show her the pictures of Mike".
	Now Kira gets very angry at Mike.
 438. Go to the locker room and wait until Jason hears that someone is taking a shower. Click on the door to the shower room. Jason looks at Kira taking a shower.
	He enters the shower room and takes a closer look at Kira. Click on "Step in". Jason enters the shower. Kira strokes Jason's cock and Jason rubs her tit and pussy.
	Jason tells Kira that his cock would feel even better in her mouth. Kira stops and has concerns about a blowjob. Jason feels sympathetic towards Kira.
	Kira's score increases by 10.
 439. Make sure Kira's score is 140 or higher. Go to the beach at 20:00. Jason sees Kira sitting on the pier. Step on the pier. Jason realizes that Kira is crying.
	He sits down next to her. Kira thinks that she is ugly, but Jason assures her that she is the prettiest girl in the whole town. They kiss each other.
	Kira's score increases by 10.
 440. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Talk about the debt".
	Jason caresses Kira in the locker room. Rebecca interrupts them.
 441. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Talk about the debt".
	Jason caresses Kira in the locker room. Then they enter the shower. Kira strokes Jason's cock and Jason rubs her tit and pussy. Then Kira gives Jason a blowjob.
	She stops and says that she cannot do it. Jason feels sympathetic towards Kira. Kira's score increases by 10.
 442. The next day after school go inside the school. Make sure Kira's score is 160 or higher. Now you have 2 possibilities to continue.
	No matter what you choose, the outcome is always the same:
	a) Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Talk about the debt". Jason caresses Kira in the locker room.
	   If Rebecca interrupts them, repeat this step. Then they enter the shower. Kira strokes Jason's cock and Jason rubs her tit and pussy.
	   Then Kira gives Jason a blowjob. After the blowjob, Jason licks and fucks Kira's pussy. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum on her face".
	   Kira's score increases by 10 (up to 200).
	b) Go to the locker room and wait until Jason hears that someone is taking a shower. Click on the door to the shower room. Jason looks at Kira taking a shower.
	   He enters the shower room and takes a closer look at Kira. Click on "Step in". Jason enters the shower. Kira strokes Jason's cock and Jason rubs her tit and pussy.
	   Then Kira gives Jason a blowjob. After the blowjob, Jason licks and fucks Kira's pussy. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum on her face".
	   Kira's score increases by 10 (up to 200).