0.27  Janice:500  Julia:370  Kelly:330  Emma:450  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:225  Rachel:450  Danielle:240  Kira:200  Kendra:20
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 463. Make sure Jason has fucked Danielle's tits at the beach behind the lifeguard tower (step 349). Go to Danielle's house and knock on the door.
	She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Ask her why she is still sleeping". She tells Jason that she was watching her favorite TV series.
	Jason is in doubt and wonders what Danielle is doing at night. Now click on "Nothing important (Leave)".
 464. Go to Danielle's house at 20:00 or later and wait until the lights are out in her bedroom. Now click on "Sneak to the backyard".
	Jason hears that Danielle is doing a webcam show.
 465. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Search for the Danielle's stream". Jason finds the webcam site.
	He does not know Danielle's nickname to access her stream.
 466. The next day go to Danielle's house and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Ask for drink".
	Danielle leaves the bedroom to get Jason a glass of water. Click on the small white paper beside the bed. It is a paycheck from the "TwistCams" streaming website.
	On this paycheck Jason finds Danielle's nickname. It is "xBustyDanx". Now click on "Nothing important (Leave)".
 467. Go home and to Jason's room. Between 20:00 and 22:00 click on his screen and go to the "TwistCams" website. Now click on the "xBustyDanx" icon.
	When Danielle is online, Jason watches her show. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Tip her": Choose between "$20", "$50" and "$100" to pay Danielle for her webcam show. Repeat this to increase Jason's "Top Lover" value (see step 468).
	b) "Keep watching": Watch the show without paying Danielle.
	At the end of the show, when Jason's "Top Lover" value is lower than $520, click on "Turn off".
 468. At these "Top Lover" values you unlock different events:
	a) $520: "TheBoss69" (Jason) is now Danielle's "Top Lover". Click on "Ask for a private videocall show". Danielle is surprised that Jason is the "Top Lover".
	   She quits the video call. The next day after school Danielle talks to Jason. She asks him not to tell anyone about her webcam show.
	   From now on, after Jason watched all 3 shows (dildo, masturbation, pole dance), Danielle randomly appears in one of 5 outfits during her webcam show.
	b) $750: The next day after school Danielle talks to Jason again. She says that he should not spend that much money on her.
	   Jason tells Danielle not to worry about it and that he really likes her shows.
	c) $1000: The next day after school Danielle talks to Jason again. She comes up with an idea because Jason spent so much money on her streams.
	   Danielle suggests him to make money instead of spending it and that they could make a stream together. Jason likes the idea.
	   Danielle tells him to come to her place at 21:00 on Friday.
 469. On Friday at 21:00 go to Danielle's house and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Danielle and Jason do the webcam show together.
 470. Repeat step 469 to increase Danielle's score up to 240 and to unlock more sub-scenes. Jason earns more money with each unlocked sub-scene.
	When your energy is 85 or higher, the show is longer. At the end of the webcam show click on "Go home".
 471. From the moment on when Danielle asks Jason to stay for the night, Jason can go to Danielle's house daily at 21:00 to do the webcam show with her.
 472. If you have chosen "Tattoo + piercing" or "Tattoo only" in step 271 for Danielle and her score is 200 or higher, go to her house until 13:00 and knock on the door.
	She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Ask about tattoos". Now click on "Outfit" to see Danielle naked. Then choose between 4 different tattoo styles for Danielle.
	Finally, click on "Done".
 473. (John): With this and the next step you decide on John's fate (let him stay or kick him out). Make sure Janice's score is 500 or higher.
	Also make sure you have done step 364. If John is not at home, wait until he comes home. Do not have sex with Janice during the time John is at home.
	At the last day of John's stay at home go to the living room until 16:00. Click on the airline tickets on the table to take them.
 474. (John): Make sure your energy is 85 or higher. Go to the living room at 17:00 or later. John says goodbye. Janice drags Jason to the bedroom. You have 2 options:
	a) "Vaginal": Jason fucks Janice's pussy. Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Fuck her ass": Jason fucks Janice's ass. John comes back and enters the bedroom looking for his airline tickets. He catches Janice and Jason having sex.
		    After a hefty conversation, you have 2 options:
			a) "Let him stay": John stays at home for 7 days and goes away for 14 days just like before.
		   	   But from now on, when John is at home, he no longer bothers by day and sleeps on the couch in the living room at night.
		   	   During this time the scenes at night in the living room are locked.
			b) "Kick him out": Janice and Jason kick John out and he leaves permanently. John leaves the car in the driveway.
		   At the end of the scene Jason fucks Janice's pussy and cums in her.
	   	b) "Cum": Jason cums prematurely in Janice's pussy. John comes back. He is in the living room asking Janice for his airline tickets.
		   Janice demands Jason to hide beside the bed. Jason hides beside the bed. John enters the bedroom to take is airline tickets from the nightstand and leaves.
		   That way, you failed to decide on John's fate.
	b) "Anal": Jason fucks Janice's ass and pussy. John comes back and enters the bedroom looking for his airline tickets. He catches Janice and Jason having sex.
	   After a hefty conversation, you have 2 options:
		a) "Let him stay": John stays at home for 7 days and goes away for 14 days just like before.
		   But from now on, when John is at home, he no longer bothers by day and sleeps on the couch in the living room at night.
		   During this time the scenes at night in the living room are locked.
		b) "Kick him out": Janice and Jason kick John out and he leaves permanently. John leaves the car in the driveway.
	   At the end of the scene Jason fucks Janice's pussy and cums in her.
 475. From now on you can repeat the sex scene with Janice in the bedroom (step 364) this way: Go to the bedroom at 20:00 or 21:00. Catch Janice taking a nap.
	Click on "Get on the bed". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Vaginal": Jason fucks Janice's pussy. During the scene click on "Fuck her ass" or "Cum". When you choose to fuck her ass, click on "Cum" at the end of the scene.
	b) "Anal": Jason fucks Janice's ass and pussy. At the end of the scene click on "Cum".
	When you click on "Cum", Julia enters the room. You have 2 options:
		a) "Let Julia stay": Click on "Vaginal" or "Anal" to shove Jason's hands in Janice's and Julia's pussies or asses. You have 2 options:
			a) "Janice": Jason fucks Janice's pussy. Julia shoves a hand in Janice's ass and Jason cums in Janice's pussy.
			b) "Julia": Jason fucks Julia's ass. Janice shoves a hand in Julia's pussy and Jason cums in Julia's ass.
		b) "Ask Julia to go away": Julia leaves the bedroom. Then Jason fucks Janice's pussy and cums in her.