0.28  Janice:500  Julia:370  Kelly:330  Emma:450  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:225  Rachel:450  Danielle:240  Kira:200  Kendra:80
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 476. Go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra. Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Ask again about birth information".
	She tells Jason that the archives are on the first floor and that she does not have access there. Now leave the hospital.
	The next day go to the hospital until 13:00 and click on "Go inside". Now click on "Look for the archives". The receptionist holds Jason back.
	She tells him to check in first and that the hospital has strict security rules.
 477. Go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra. Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Ask her about hospital's security".
	She says that there were many thefts of Vitamine X lately. She jokingly tells Jason that there is no way to enter unnoticed unless he has a broken leg.
 478. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Tell him about your idea". Jason asks Billy to break his own leg to get hospitalized.
	That way, Jason can visit him in the hospital and is able to go to the archives. Billy refuses and tells Jason that several bruises should be enough.
 479. Go to the beach and wait for the red hoodie guy. Click on "Approach him" or "Approach the hoodie guy". Jason taunts the red hoodie guy and then he punches Jason.
	Janice comes by and calls for help. The red hoodie guy elopes.
 480. Make sure you have done the steps 443 to 449. In the hospital room, Kendra says that Jason seems to be fine. Click on "Tell her that you are feeling dizzy".
	Kendra thinks that Jason should stay for further observation. Kendra tells Janice that tonight is her shift and that she will take care of Jason personally.
 481. At night click on "Call Kendra". Jason tells Kendra that he is bored and he thought that they could have a talk about books or something like that.
	She tells Jason that she does not have the time because she has to look after other patients too. The next day Kendra discharges Jason from the hospital.
 482. Go to the park at 17:00 or later. Do not click on "Sit on the bench". Wait for Kendra reading a book on the bench and approach her. Click on "Chat".
	Kendra asks Jason about his injured eye. He tells her that his eye sometimes hurts when he looks up. Kendra takes a closer look at Jason's eye.
	He tells her that she has very beautiful eyes. Kendra's score increases by 10. Repeat this to increase Kendra's score up to 60.
 483. Now you have 2 possibilities to continue. No matter what you choose, the outcome is always the same:
	a) The next day go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra. Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Complain about the pain".
	   Kendra tells Jason to follow her to do some tests. After all the tests are done, she says that tomorrow morning the results are available.
	b) The next day repeat the steps 479 and 480.
 484. At night click on "Call Kendra". Jason tells Kendra that he is bored and he thought that they could have a talk about books or something like that.
	Kendra stays with Jason and they have a conversation about the book "The even less shades of pink". Kendra's score increases by 10.
	After a while, the conversation ends because Kendra has to look after other patients. The next day Kendra discharges Jason from the hospital.
 485. On weekdays go to the hospital at 13:00. Kendra is standing in front of the hospital. Click on "Approach Kendra".
	Kendra tells Jason that she is getting lots of complains at work. Yuki, the receptionist, does not like her and she wants Kendra to get fired.
	Jason tells her that he will try to talk to the receptionist.
 486. Click on "Go inside", "Approach receptionist" and "Talk about Kendra". The receptionist refuses to talk about employees with random visitors.
	Jason tells the receptionist that he heard she is trying to get Kendra fired. She admits that she wants Kendra gone.
	Jason says that Kendra is honestly trying her best and that she cannot get her fired. The receptionist does not depart from her purpose to get Kendra fired.
 487. Go to the pharmacy shop at 20:00 and click on "Go in". Jason goes to the BDSM dungeon and records how Kelly punishes the receptionist.
 488. The next day go to the hospital and click on "Go inside". Now click on "Approach receptionist" and "Show her the video". Jason shows the receptionist the BDSM video.
	Jason tells her that the video will go directly to the hospital's administration, if Kendra will be fired. Leave the hospital.
 489. On weekdays go to the hospital at 14:00. Kendra is standing in front of the hospital. Click on "Approach Kendra".
	Jason tells her that he has talked to the receptionist and convinced her to change her mind about Kendra and that she no longer needs to worry about the receptionist.
	Kendra's score increases by 10.
 490. Make sure you have sleeping pills. Now you have 2 possibilities to continue. No matter what you choose, the outcome is always the same:
	a) Click on "Go inside" to enter the hospital. Wait for Kendra. Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Complain about the pain".
	   Kendra tells Jason to follow her to do some tests. After all the tests are done, she says that tomorrow morning the results are available.
	b) Repeat the steps 479 and 480.
 491. At night click on "Call Kendra". Jason tells Kendra that he is bored and he thought that they could have a talk about books or something like that.
	Kendra stays with Jason and they have a conversation about the book "The even less shades of pink". Kendra gets tired.
	She wants to drink some coffee and asks Jason if he also wants some coffee. He agrees and Kendra returns with 2 cups of coffee.
	Jason and Kendra sit on the hospital bed. Jason tells Kendra that he is so glad that she is working at the hospital and without her it would be boring.
	Now click on "Ask for sugar". Kendra leaves the room to get some sugar. Now Jason adds a sleeping pill to Kendra's coffee. Then Kendra returns without the sugar.
	Kendra drinks some more coffee and falls asleep. Jason lays her on the hospital bed and says how cute she is while sleeping.
	Jason takes Kendra's ID badge and enters the hall.
 492. On the left side click on the way to the first floor. Now click on the door to the archives (room 102) and on "Go in". The door is still locked.
	Return to the second floor (behind Jason). Now click on the storage room door down the hall on the right side (room 201) and on "Get in".
	Click on one of the bottles with the pink cap. Jason gets one bottle with 20 lactation pills in it. Then click on "Go back to the corridor".
 493. Click on Jason's hospital room door on the left side (room 204). Now click on "Return the ID badge" to give the ID badge back to Kendra. Jason goes back to sleep.
	The next morning Kendra awakes and rushes to work.
 494. Catch Janice drinking coffee in the dining room (except on weekend mornings) and click on "Come closer". After some talking, click on "Compliment her".
	Jason tells Janice how beautiful she looks today. Janice is distracted. Now click on "add the Lactation plus pill" and Jason adds a lactation pill to Janice's coffee.
	(One lactation pill lasts 7 days. Only within these 7 days the scenes connected with lactation are accessible.)
 495. Wake up at night and go to the bathroom at 0:00, 3:00 or 4:00. Jason hears some noises coming from the bathroom and wonders who is in there.
	As Jason enters the bathroom, he sees that Janice is squeezing milk out of her breast into the sink. Jason asks her what she is doing.
	She tells him that it is just some woman's issues and nothing serious. Janice goes back to sleep.
 496. Make sure you have done the steps 135, 173 and 174. Catch Janice exercising alone in the living room. Click on "Keep watching" and "Hide and watch".
	Now click on "Use hypno command" and "Become a cow".
 497. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. Now Janice visits Jason in his room. Click on "Sure" and "Give her Cow suit".
	Jason squeezes and sucks milk out of Janice's breasts and fucks her pussy. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Keep fucking": Jason sucks more milk out of Janice's breasts and fucks her pussy. You have 2 options:
		a) "Fist her pussy": Make sure you have done the complete anal training with Janice at night (step 204 b b).
		   Jason shoves his hand in Janice's pussy while she squeezes milk out of her breasts until she cums.
		   Jason fucks Janice's pussy and sucks more milk out of her breasts until he cums in her pussy.
		b) "Cum": Jason cums in Janice's pussy.
	b) "Switch to anal": Jason fucks Janice's ass. Now choose between "Be gentle" and "Be rough".
	   When you choose to be gentle, Janice's gentle/rough score increases by 1. Jason fucks Janice's ass and sucks more milk out of her breasts.
	   When you choose to be rough, Janice's gentle/rough score decreases by 1. Jason fucks and spanks Janice's ass and squeezes milk out of her breasts.
		 You have 2 options:
		a) "Fist her ass": Make sure you have done the complete anal training with Janice at night (step 204 b b).
		   Jason shoves his hand in Janice's ass while she squeezes milk out of her breasts until she cums.
		   Jason fucks Janice's ass and sucks more milk out of her breasts until he cums in her ass.
		b) "Cum": Jason cums in Janice's ass.
 498. Make sure Janice is lactating (step 494). Wake up at night and go to the bathroom at 0:00, 3:00 or 4:00.
	Jason hears some noises coming from the bathroom and wonders who is in there.
	As Jason enters the bathroom, he sees that Janice is squeezing milk out of her breast into the sink.
	She tells Jason that her breasts started to produce milk like crazy. Jason gladly wants to help by sucking her breasts dry and tells Janice how much he loves her milk.
	Jason sucks Janice's milk out of her breast and the scene ends.
 499. Go to sleep in Janice's bed. Click on "Wake her up" and "Ask for milk" to suck milk out of her breast.
 500. Go to the beach and wait for the red hoodie guy. Click on "Approach him" or "Approach the hoodie guy". Jason taunts him and the red hoodie guy punches Jason.
	Janice comes by and calls for help. The red hoodie guy elopes.
 501. In the hospital room, Kendra says that Jason seems to be fine. Click on "Go home". Jason gets some rest in Janice's bed.
	Jason wants Janice to stay with him and to take off her dress. Janice refuses to do anything naughty with Jason. She takes off her dress and sleeps with him.
 502. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Daily clothes".
	From now on you can also choose "Panties only" (within "Lingerie").
 503. (Billy): Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. Get the scene where Rachel opens the door and calls Billy. Click on "invite him to the beach".
 504. (Billy): Billy and Jason meet Janice on the remote part of the beach. Billy touches Janice's tits and sucks on one of them. Click on "Ask to show her pussy to Billy".
	Make sure Janice's score is 500 or higher. Jason convinces Janice to show her pussy to Billy. Billy licks Janice's pussy and Janice gives Jason a blowjob.
	Janice continues to give Jason a blowjob while Billy licks her ass. Then she gives Jason a handjob and squirts over Billy.
	Now Janice gives Billy a handjob and kisses him while Jason fucks her pussy. Finally, Jason cums in Janice's pussy and Billy cums on Janice's pussy.