0.29  Janice:500  Julia:400  Kelly:330  Emma:450  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:255  Rachel:450  Danielle:240  Kira:250  Kendra:80
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 505. Make sure you have done the steps 107 and 108. Also make sure Julia's condom catsuits are unlocked (steps 283 to 291). Go to sleep in Jason's bed.
	When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure" and "Give her Dog outfit with mask". Janice gives Jason a blowjob in the living room.
	Jason cums in Janice's mouth. The scene continues the next morning. Janice gives Jason a blowjob under the table in the dining room.
	Julia comes by and tells Jason that she will take a bath. At the end of the scene Julia notices Janice under the table.
 506. Go to Jason's room. Julia comes in and talks to Jason about Janice's dog costume. She asks Jason if he can get her one too.
	Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store and buy the "Dog outfit - Pink".
 507. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Give her Dog costume". Julia's score increases by 10.
	Jason wants to see Julia wearing it. After some petplaying, Jason fucks Julia's pussy and cums in her.
 508. To repeat the petplaying scene (step 507), go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Now click on "Ask her to petplay".
 509. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about outfits" and "Daily outfits". Let Julia wear any condom catsuit.
	Choose the color for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone of the condom catsuit. Then click on "Done".
	Finally, click on "Ask her to wear it all the time". That way, Julia's outfit score increases up to 100.
 510. When Julia's outfit score is 80 or higher, go to Jason's room. (To check Julia's outfit score, go to the hallway by day. Hold C while pressing H.)
	Jason gets a message about new small sized latex suits. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser".
	Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store and buy the "Latex suit Shameless" (Size S) and the "Latex suit Bare Butt" (Size S).
 511. Let Julia still wear any condom catsuit until her outfit score is 100. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone.
	Click on "Talk about outfits" and "Daily outfits". Give Julia the "Latex suit Shameless" and the "Latex suit Bare butt".
	Julia's score increases by 10 each time you give her one of the two latex outfits.
	Choose the color for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone of the latex suit. Then click on "Done".
	Finally, click on "Ask her to wear it all the time". That way, Julia's outfit score increases up to 120.
 512. Make sure you have finished all the photoshoots with Julia (up to step 153). After school go inside the school.
	Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Ask her to be Julia's partner". Jason asks Kira to be the partner for a photoshoot with Julia.
	Kira agrees to do the photoshoot if Jason gives her some money. Click on "Pay $100".
 513. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Tell her about the photoshoot partner".
	Jason tells Julia that he found her a partner for the photoshoot and that she is his classmate and a really good-looking girl.
 514. The next day go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the photoshoot with Kira and Julia".
	Jason asks Adrianna when the photoshoot is going to happen. She tells him that there is a photoshoot at 20:00.
 515. Wait until 20:00 and click on the door to enter the studio. Jason watches the lingerie photoshoot. During the photoshoot Julia touches Kira's ass cheek.
	After the photoshoot, Adrianna tells Kira that she did very well. Kira's score increases by 10.
	She also tells Kira that she and Julia turned out to be fantastic together and that she is pretty sure she will have more job offers for her.
 516. At least 5 days later go to Jason's room. Julia comes in and talks to Jason if he could ask Kira to join her for another photoshoot.
 517. Make sure Kira's score is 150 or higher. Go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Ask her to be Julia's partner".
	Kira agrees to do the photoshoot with Julia.
 518. Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Tell her that Kira agreed".
 519. The next day go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the photoshoot with Kira and Julia".
	Jason asks Adrianna when the photoshoot is going to happen. She tells him that there is a photoshoot at 20:00.
 520. Wait until 20:00 and click on the door to enter the studio. Jason watches the lingerie photoshoot. Adrianna asks Julia to kiss Kira. Then Julia kisses Kira.
	Kira is surprised about the kiss. She thought that this is just a lingerie photoshoot. Adrianna tells Kira that the client wanted a more erotic atmosphere this time.
	Kira tells Adrianna that this is a problem for her and she does not want to be a pornstar. Adrianna says that it is just an erotic photoshoot.
	Adrianna tells Kira that she could cancel the photoshoot now and has to pay $1000 for the expenses or she can finish the photoshoot as planned to earn money.
	Since Kira needs the money she agrees to continue with the photoshoot. Kira and Julia kiss each other and the photoshoot ends.
	After the photoshoot, Kira says that it was completely opposite to what she was expecting. Kira's score increases by 10.
 521. Skip at least 7 days. Now Jason can talk to Adrianna, Julia or Kira about the next photoshoot.
	No matter which girl Jason talks to, she tells him that the photoshoot is today at 20:00. Choose between one of the girls:
	a) Adrianna: Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the photoshoot with Kira and Julia".
	b) Julia: Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Ask about the next photoshoot".
	c) Kira: After school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Ask about the next photoshoot".
 522. Go to the studio at 20:00 and click on the door to enter the studio. Jason watches the lingerie photoshoot. Adrianna asks Kira and Julia to take off their underwear.
	Kira does not want to get naked in front of the camera. Julia tells her that the photos are for the foreign market and does not have to worry that someone finds out.
	Kira agrees to continue with the photoshoot. Kira and Julia take off their underwear. Julia gets more lustful in the further course of the photoshoot.
	Kira's pussy gets dripping wet and Julia licks Kira's pussy. Then Julia gets on top of Kira and Kira licks Julia's pussy.
	At the end of the photoshoot Kira and Julia lick each other's pussies. Then Kira tells Julia that it was a mistake and she feels like a dirty slut now.
	Julia says that there is nothing wrong to have fun. Kira is worried that lots of people will see the photos.
	Jason reassures Kira and tells her that Julia is doing this for a long time and no one knows she is a model. Kira is not convinced and wants to go home.
 523. At least 7 days later go to Jason's room. Julia comes in and asks Jason to talk to Kira. She tells him that Kira does not want to do more photoshoots.
	She asks Jason to convince Kira to continue with the photoshoots because the client is very important and they cannot just cancel.
	Jason tells Julia that he will try to talk to Kira.
 524. After school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Talk about the photoshoot".
	Kira tells Jason that she is a cheerleader and not a pornstar. She disagrees to be a part of a light erotic or porn photoshoot.
	Jason wants Kira to know that this time there will be much more money for her to earn. She refuses because she has enough money at the moment.
 525. Go to the locker room and wait until Jason hears that someone is taking a shower. Click on the door to the shower room. Jason looks at Kira taking a shower.
	Click on her cheerleader costume on the right side to take it. Finally, Kira steps out of the shower and wonders where her cheerleader costume is.
 526. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. She tells Jason that someone stole her cheerleader costume.
	She says that a new outfit is very expensive and she has already spent all the money she made. Jason tells her that the offer for the photoshoot still stands.
	Kira is hesitant, but ultimately agrees to do the photoshoot because she needs the money for a new cheerleader costume.
 527. Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Tell her about Kira".
	Jason tells Julia that he convinced Kira and she agreed for another photoshoot.
 528. The photoshoot starts automatically. After Kira and Julia licked each other's pussies, Adrianna gives them 2 red dildos.
	Kira sticks the big dildo in Julia's pussy and fucks her with it. Now Julia says that it is Kira's turn.
	She sticks one end of the double dildo in Kira's pussy and the other end in her pussy. They fuck each other with the double dildo.
	After the photoshoot, Kira tells Julia that she starts to like this job. Kira's score increases by 10.
 529. Skip at least 7 days. Now Jason can talk to Adrianna or Julia about the next photoshoot.
	No matter which girl Jason talks to, she tells him that the photoshoot is today at 20:00. Choose between one of the girls:
	a) Adrianna: Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the photoshoot with Kira and Julia".
	   She tells Jason that the client wants a male actor in today's photoshoot. Jason eagerly agrees to join this photoshoot.
	b) Julia: Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Ask about the next photoshoot".
 530. Go to the studio at 20:00 and click on the door to enter the studio. The photoshoot starts and a few moments later Jason appears naked to join the naughty photoshoot.
	Kira is surprised and Adrianna says that it was the client's request to add a guy to the photoshoot. Now the naughty photoshoot starts.
	Choose to stick Jason's cock in Julia's or Kira's pussy. During this you have 3 options:
	a) "Switch to Julia": Jason fucks Julia's pussy and ass. Kira sticks one end of the double dildo in her pussy and then the other end in Julia's pussy.
	b) "Switch to Kira": Jason fucks Kira's pussy. Kira licks Julia's pussy and then she sticks the dildo in Julia's pussy.
	c) "Cum": Jason cums on Julia's and Kira's faces. Kira's score increases by 10.
 531. Skip at least 7 days. Now Jason can talk to Adrianna or Julia about the next photoshoot.
	No matter which girl Jason talks to, she tells him that the photoshoot is today at 20:00. Choose between one of the girls:
	a) Adrianna: Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the photoshoot with Kira and Julia".
	   She tells Jason that the client wants a male actor in today's photoshoot. Jason eagerly agrees to join this photoshoot.
	b) Julia: Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Ask about the next photoshoot".
 532. Go to the studio at 20:00 and click on the door to enter the studio. The photoshoot starts and a few moments later Jason appears naked to join the naughty photoshoot.
	The naughty photoshoot continues. Choose to stick Jason's cock in Julia's or Kira's pussy. During this you have 4 options:
	a) "Change pose": This option is only available when Jason fucks Julia and you have finished all the roleplay events with Adrianna (up to step 335).
	   Jason fucks Julia's ass and Kira licks Julia's pussy. Julia fucks Kira's pussy with one end of the double dildo. Then Adrianna says that the photoshoot is over.
	   Julia wants to make some more shots. Jason asks Adrianna to join them. Adrianna tells him that this is against the rules and she could get fired for this.
	   Jason tells Adrianna that this is their little secret. Then they have a steamy foursome. Jason fucks Adrianna's ass and Kira sticks the dildo is Julia's ass.
	   At the end of the scene Jason fucks Kira's pussy while Julia still has the dildo in her ass. Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Cum inside": Jason cums in Kira's pussy. Adrianna does not want to let the cum drip out of Kira's pussy because she worries about her expensive couch.
		   Jason sticks the dildo in Kira's pussy to let his cum stay inside her.
		b) "Cum outside": Jason cums on Adrianna's, Julia's and Kira's faces.
	   Adrianna's and Kira's scores increase by 10 (Adrianna: up to 255, Kira: up to 250).
	b) "Switch to Julia": Jason fucks Julia's pussy and ass. Kira sticks one end of the double dildo in her pussy and then the other end in Julia's pussy.
	c) "Switch to Kira": Jason fucks Kira's pussy. Kira licks Julia's pussy and then she sticks the dildo in Julia's pussy.
	d) "Cum": Jason cums on Julia's and Kira's faces. Kira's score increases by 10 (up to 250).