0.30  Janice:500  Julia:400  Kelly:330  Emma:450  Rebecca:350  Adrianna:255  Rachel:450  Danielle:240  Kira:280  Kendra:80
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 533. Make sure you have done the previous events with Rebecca (up to step 263). Go to Rebecca's home between 17:00 and 19:00 and click on the front door.
	Rebecca asks Jason to come in. They sit down by the pool. Rebecca tells Jason that she thinks her husband is cheating on her.
	Rebecca does not know with whom her husband is cheating on her. Jason tells Rebecca that he will find it out.
 534. The next time Jason returns home before 20:00 he will meet an unknown dark-haired woman with tits as big as Danielle's but a much bigger ass.
	Click on the map and on Jason's home. When Jason is standing in front of his home, wait until Jason meets Emma jogging.
	The unknown dark-haired woman comes by and greets Emma. It turns out that her name is Michelle. They disregard each other.
	(The meeting between Emma and Michelle could also happen automatically when Emma comes by jogging directly after Jason meets Michelle for the first time.)
 535. The next day go to the school at 17:00. Click on "Check the car". Jason says that he could try to search for clues in the car, but there are too many people around.
 536. Go to Rebecca's home between 20:00 and 22:00. Make sure the car of Rebecca's husband is in the driveway. Click on the front door and Jason sneaks to the car.
	The car is locked, so Jason needs to find another way to get into the car.
 537. Go to the school at 18:00 or later and approach the shady guy. He offers Jason the next job. Click on "Decline" and "Ask how to break in a car".
	The shady guy offers Jason a GPS tracker module, so he can check the car's location on his phone. He asks Jason to get him some experimental stuff from the hospital.
 538. Make sure you have sleeping pills. The next day go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra.
	Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Complain about the pain". Kendra tells Jason to follow her to do some tests.
	After all the tests are done, she says that tomorrow morning the results are available.
 539. At night click on "Call Kendra". Jason tells Kendra that he is bored and he thought that they could have a talk about books or something like that.
	Kendra stays with Jason and they have a conversation about the book "The even less shades of pink". Kendra gets tired.
	She wants to drink some coffee and asks Jason if he also wants some coffee. He agrees and Kendra returns with 2 cups of coffee.
	Jason and Kendra sit on the hospital bed. Jason tells Kendra that he is so glad that she is working at the hospital and without her it would be boring.
	Now click on "Ask for sugar". Kendra leaves the room to get some sugar. Now Jason adds a sleeping pill to Kendra's coffee. Then Kendra returns without the sugar.
	Kendra drinks some more coffee and falls asleep. Jason lays her on the hospital bed and says how cute she is while sleeping. Jason takes Kendra's ID badge.
 540. Click on the storage room door down the hall on the right side (room 201) and on "Get in". Click on one of the bottles with the red cap.
	Jason gets one bottle of the experimental medicine. Then click on "Go back to the corridor".
 541. Click on Jason's hospital room door on the left side (room 204). Now click on "Return the ID badge" to give the ID badge back to Kendra. Jason goes back to sleep.
	The next morning Kendra awakes and rushes to work.
 542. Go to the school at 18:00 or later and approach the shady guy. Click on "Give him the experimental medicine". He gives Jason the GPS tracker.
 543. Go to Rebecca's home between 20:00 and 22:00. Make sure the car of Rebecca's husband is in the driveway. Click on the front door and Jason sneaks to the car.
	Jason sticks the GPS tracker under the car.
 544. The next day go to Jason's room at 18:00 and click on "Check the car's location". A new house is now unlocked on the map.
 545. Go to the beach at 17:00 or 18:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Kira or Michelle sunbathing. Michelle could lie on her back or on her belly.
 546. Go to the new house (bottom right on the map, "Unknown house") at 22:00. Jason takes some pictures of Michelle.
 547. The next day go to Rebecca's home between 17:00 and 19:00 and click on the front door. Rebecca asks Jason to come in. They sit down by the pool.
	Jason shows Rebecca the pictures. Rebecca's score increases by 10.
 548. The next day go to Rebecca's home between 17:00 and 19:00 and click on the front door. Rebecca asks Jason to join her at the pool.
	Rebecca tells Jason that she kicked her husband out and wants Jason to lick her pussy. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Vaginal": Jason fucks Rebecca's pussy outside and inside the pool in different positions.
	   After Jason came in Rebecca's pussy, his cum is dripping out of her pussy. Rebecca says that she cleaned the floor a couple of hours ago.
	   Jason takes the empty cocktail glass and let his cum drip out of Rebecca's pussy inside the glass. He gives Rebecca the glass and she drinks Jason's cum out of it.
	b) "Anal": Jason licks Rebecca's ass. Then he fucks Rebecca's ass outside and inside the pool in different positions.
	   After Jason came in Rebecca's ass, his cum is dripping out of her ass. Rebecca says that she cleaned the floor a couple of hours ago.
	   Jason takes the empty cocktail glass and let his cum drip out of Rebecca's ass inside the glass. Jason gives Rebecca the glass and she drinks Jason's cum out of it.
	Then Rebecca asks Jason if he knows who that old hag is. Jason tells her that he could try to sniff around.
 549. The next day go to the new house (bottom right on the map, "Unknown house") at 16:00. Kira and Michelle have an argument. Kira goes away from the house and sees Jason.
	He asks her what she is doing here. She tells him that she lives here and the woman she was talking to was Michelle, her mom.
 550. Go to Rebecca's home between 17:00 and 19:00 and click on the front door. Rebecca asks Jason to join her at the pool.
	Rebecca tells Jason that she kicked her husband out and wants Jason to lick her pussy. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Vaginal": Jason fucks Rebecca's pussy outside and inside the pool in different positions.
	   After Jason came in Rebecca's pussy, his cum is dripping out of her pussy. Rebecca says that she cleaned the floor a couple of hours ago.
	   Jason takes the empty cocktail glass and let his cum drip out of Rebecca's pussy inside the glass. He gives Rebecca the glass and she drinks Jason's cum out of it.
	b) "Anal": Jason licks Rebecca's ass. Then he fucks Rebecca's ass outside and inside the pool in different positions.
	   After Jason came in Rebecca's ass, his cum is dripping out of her ass. Rebecca says that she cleaned the floor a couple of hours ago.
	   Jason takes the empty cocktail glass and let his cum drip out of Rebecca's ass inside the glass. He gives Rebecca the glass and she drinks Jason's cum out of it.
	Then Rebecca asks Jason again if he knows who that old hag is. Jason tells her that it is Michelle, Kira's mother. Rebecca's score increases by 10.
 551. Make sure you have fucked Kira in the shower (step 442). The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her.
	Click on "Talk about the debt". Jason caresses Kira in the locker room. Now there can be 2 scenes (50 % by chance):
	a) Kira and Jason enter the shower. Kira strokes Jason's cock and Jason rubs her tit and pussy. Then Kira gives Jason a blowjob.
	   After the blowjob, Jason licks and fucks Kira's pussy. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum on her face".
	b) Rebecca interrupts them. Jason asks Rebecca to join them. Rebecca and Kira give Jason a blowjob. Rebecca forces Kira to lick her pussy and Jason fucks Kira's pussy.
	   Rebecca almost suffocates Kira on her pussy. Jason fucks Rebecca's pussy and Kira gets a dildo out of her locker.
	   She sticks the dildo in Rebecca's ass and Jason continues to fuck Rebecca's pussy. Now you have different options:
		a) "Keep fucking": Jason fucks Rebecca's pussy and Kira fucks her pussy with the dildo.
		b) "Switch to Anal": Jason fucks Rebecca's ass and Kira fucks her pussy with the dildo. Kira licks Rebecca's pussy while she has the dildo inside her pussy.
		   Now Kira fucks Rebecca's pussy with the dildo and Rebecca licks Kira's pussy. Then Kira fucks her pussy with the dildo while kissing Rebecca.
		c) "Switch back to Kira": Jason fucks Kira's pussy. Kira and Jason fuck Rebecca's ass with the dildo.
		   Rebecca kisses Kira while she has the dildo inside her ass.
		d) "Cum inside": Jason cums in Rebecca's or Kira's pussy.
		e) "Cum outside": Jason cums on Rebecca's and Kira's faces.
	   Rebecca's and Kira's scores increase by 10 (Rebecca: up to 350, Kira: up to 280).
 552. (Billy): Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. Get the scene where Rachel opens the door and calls Billy. Click on "invite him to the beach".
 553. (Billy): Billy and Jason meet Janice on the remote part of the beach. Billy touches Janice's tits and sucks on one of them. Click on "Ask to show her pussy to Billy".
	Make sure Janice's score is 500 or higher. Jason convinces Janice to show her pussy to Billy. Billy licks Janice's pussy and Janice gives Jason a blowjob.
	Janice continues to give Jason a blowjob while Billy licks her ass. Then Billy asks Janice to put his cock inside her pussy. Click on "Agree".
	Jason asks Janice to let Billy fuck her. Janice refuses and tells Jason that she is not his toy that he can share with his friends.
	Janice gives Jason a handjob and squirts over Billy. Then she gives Billy a handjob and kisses him while Jason fucks her pussy.
	Finally, Jason cums in Janice's pussy and Billy cums on Janice's pussy.
 554. (Billy): The next day after school Billy approaches Jason and talks about the other day at the beach.
	He tells Jason that it would have been awesome if Janice had let him fuck her. Jason says that Janice's pussy is amazing.
	Billy tells Jason that he wants to feel Janice's pussy and that he would do anything for it. He wants Jason to ask Janice nicely and convince her.
	Jason tells Billy that he will talk to Janice.
 555. (Billy): Go home and to the living room. Catch Janice there reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Talk about Billy".
	Jason asks her why she rejected Billy the other day at the beach. She tells him that fooling around a bit is one thing, but to let him fuck her is a different story.
	Janice refuses to fuck all of Jason's friends and wants Jason to stop talking about Billy.
 556. (Billy): Make sure you have the sleep mask (step 63) and suncream. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. Get the scene where Rachel opens the door and calls Billy.
	Click on "invite him to the beach to trick Janice". Jason tells Billy that he has a plan.
 557. (Billy): Jason meets Janice on the remote part of the beach. Click on "Offer protection from the sun".
	Jason tells Janice that he is always happy to apply suncream on her. He wants Janice to wear the sleep mask to completely block the sun.
	Now Jason applies the suncream on Janice and asks her to spread her legs. Billy approaches and fucks Janice's pussy while Jason masturbates.
	Jason cannot resist any longer and sticks his cock in Janice's ass. Janice is startled.
	She takes off the sleep mask and realizes that Billy fucks her pussy and Jason fucks her ass. Janice admits to like having 2 cocks inside her.
	They have a steamy threesome. Finally, Billy cums in Janice's pussy and Jason cums in Janice's ass.
 558. (Billy): Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. Get the scene where Rachel opens the door and calls Billy. Click on "invite him to the beach".
 559. (Billy): Billy and Jason meet Janice on the remote part of the beach. Billy touches Janice's tits and sucks on one of them. Click on "Ask to show her pussy to Billy".
	Make sure Janice's score is 500 or higher. Jason convinces Janice to show her pussy to Billy. Billy licks Janice's pussy and Janice gives Jason a blowjob.
	Janice continues to give Jason a blowjob while Billy licks her ass. Then Billy asks Janice to put his cock inside her pussy. Click on "Agree".
	Jason asks Janice to let Billy fuck her. Janice agrees and tells Jason that Billy was pretty good the last time. Billy fucks Janice's pussy while Jason masturbates.
	Jason cannot resist any longer and sticks his cock in Janice's ass. They have a steamy threesome. Finally, Billy cums in Janice's pussy and Jason cums in Janice's ass.