0.31  Janice:500  Julia:400  Kelly:330  Emma:460  Rebecca:350  Adrianna:255  Rachel:450  Danielle:240  Kira:280  Kendra:80
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 560. Go to Emma's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Ask about Michelle". Emma refuses to talk about Michelle. Now click on "Leave".
 561. Click on Jason's home. Jason meets Emma jogging. He asks her about her workout. She says that her body is sore from all the workout.
	Jason tells Emma that he could help her with this.
 562. Go to Jason's room. Click on "Text to Adrianna" and "Share your new idea". Jason suggests a new roleplay and tells Adrianna that they could massage Emma.
	Adrianna tells Jason that she always wanted to play this out and that she took some massage online courses a long time ago. She gives Jason the website address.
 563. Go to Emma's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Talk about the massage". Jason tells Emma that he is learning the skills of a masseur.
	She agrees that Jason can practice with her.
 564. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Take online masseur class". The lesson costs $200. Click on "Pay".
 565. Click on Jason's screen and on "Search for the massage table". Then click on "Buy Now" to buy the massage table for $350.
 566. Click on "Back", "Text to Adrianna" and "Massage training". Adrianna suggests to go to Emma's house at 18:00.
 567. Go to Emma's house at 18:00. As the massage session starts, Jason massages Emma's legs and Adrianna touches Jason's cock. Then Jason massages Emma's back.
	Adrianna gets undressed and touches her pussy. As Emma looks up, Adrianna quickly gets dressed. Emma asks for another massage session.
	Adrianna and Jason agree to help Emma out.
 568. The next day go to Jason's room and text Adrianna. Click on "Massage training". Adrianna suggests to go to Emma's house at 18:00.
 569. Go to Emma's house at 18:00. As the massage session starts, Jason massages Emma's legs and Adrianna touches Jason's cock. Then Jason massages Emma's back.
	Adrianna gets undressed and massages Emma's legs and feet. Emma takes Jason's cock out of his pants and gives him a blowjob.
	Adrianna watches this and Jason cums in Emma's mouth. Adrianna quickly gets dressed. Emma asks for another massage session. Adrianna and Jason agree to help Emma out.
 570. The next day go to Jason's room and text Adrianna. Click on "Massage training". Adrianna suggests to go to Emma's house at 18:00.
 571. Go to Emma's house at 18:00. As the massage session starts, Jason massages Emma's legs and Adrianna touches Jason's cock. Then Jason massages Emma's back.
	Adrianna gets undressed and massages Emma's legs and feet. Emma takes Jason's cock out of his pants and gives him a blowjob.
	Adrianna watches this and removes the towel from Emma's body to massage her thighs. Then Adrianna licks Emma's pussy.
	Finally, Adrianna and Emma rub their pussies on each other and Jason cums in Emma's mouth. Emma tells them they should come more often.
 572. The next day go to Jason's room and text Adrianna. Click on "Massage training". Adrianna suggests to go to Emma's house at 18:00.
 573. Go to Emma's house at 18:00. As the massage session starts, Emma appears naked. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "On the back": Emma lays down on her back. Jason and Adrianna get undressed and start to massage Emma. Jason massages Emma's tits and hips.
	   Adrianna massages Emma's legs. Emma gives Jason a blowjob while he fingers her pussy. Then Jason fucks Emma's pussy while she licks Adrianna's pussy.
	   Adrianna, Emma and Jason have a steamy threesome. Jason cums in Emma's pussy and she passes out. Adrianna leaves the room to take a shower.
	   Jason touches Emma's ass. Emma wakes up and tells Jason that he has become a really good masseur. Emma's score increases by 10.
	   She asks Jason if he could help her with her workout. Jason guesses that he could help her. He is curious and asks Emma what is going on between her and Michelle.
	   Emma refuses to talk about Michelle. Adrianna returns from the shower and leaves with Jason.
	b) "On the belly": Emma lays down on her belly. Jason and Adrianna get undressed and start to massage Emma. Jason massages Emma's back. Adrianna massages Emma's legs.
	   Emma gives Jason a blowjob while Adrianna massages Emma's thighs and ass. Then Adrianna fingers Emma's ass.
	   Jason says that could do a better job on that part of the body. He fucks Emma's ass while she licks Adrianna's pussy.
	   Adrianna, Emma and Jason have a steamy threesome. Jason cums in Emma's ass and she passes out.
	   Adrianna drinks the cum out of Emma's ass and leaves the room to take a shower. Jason touches Emma's ass.
	   Emma wakes up and tells Jason that he has become a really good masseur. Emma's score increases by 10. She asks Jason if he could help her with her workout.
	   Jason guesses that he could help her. He is curious and asks Emma what is going on between her and Michelle. Emma refuses to talk about Michelle.
	   Adrianna returns from the shower and leaves with Jason.
	(When you repeat this step before you go on with the next step, click on "Go for round #2" after Emma wakes up. Jason asks her if she maybe wants to go for round two.
	Now choose to stick Jason's cock in Emma's pussy or ass. Jason fucks Emma and asks her what is going on between her and Michelle.
	Emma tells Jason that Michelle is the friend she wanted to ask about his parents. Emma found out that Michelle had an affair with her husband.
	He got shot on his way to Michelle. Then Jason cums in Emma and she passes out. Adrianna returns from the shower and leaves with Jason.
	At the end of step 576 Jason will not ask Emma about Michelle again.)
 574. Sneak to Emma's backyard while she is exercising. Click on "Agree to help" and "Rub her butt". After some exercising, click on "Offer her THE OTHER method".
	Emma and Jason get naked. Jason sticks his cock in Emma's pussy and they continue with the workout. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Pussy workout": Jason sticks his cock in Emma's pussy and they continue with the workout in different positions. Jason cums in Emma's pussy.
	   Emma lays on her back and passes out. Finally, Jason masturbates and cums all over Emma's body.
	b) "Anal workout": Jason sticks his cock in Emma's ass and they continue with the workout in different positions. Jason cums in Emma's ass.
	   Emma lays on her belly and passes out. Finally, Jason masturbates and cums all over Emma's body.
 575. The next day go to Jason's room and text Adrianna. Click on "Massage training". Adrianna suggests to go to Emma's house at 18:00.
 576. Go to Emma's house at 18:00. As the massage session starts, Emma appears naked. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "On the back": Emma lays down on her back. Jason and Adrianna get undressed and start to massage Emma. Jason massages Emma's tits and hips.
	   Adrianna massages Emma's legs. Emma gives Jason a blowjob while he fingers her pussy. Then Jason fucks Emma's pussy while she licks Adrianna's pussy.
	   Adrianna, Emma and Jason have a steamy threesome. Jason cums in Emma's pussy and she passes out. Adrianna leaves the room to take a shower.
	   Jason touches Emma's ass. Emma wakes up and Jason asks her if she maybe wants to go for round two. Now choose to stick Jason's cock in Emma's pussy or ass.
	   Jason fucks Emma and asks her what is going on between her and Michelle. Emma tells Jason that Michelle is the friend she wanted to ask about his parents.
	   Emma found out that Michelle had an affair with her husband and he got shot on his way to her. Jason cums in Emma and she passes out.
	   Adrianna returns from the shower and leaves with Jason.
	b) "On the belly": Emma lays down on her belly. Jason and Adrianna get undressed and start to massage Emma. Jason massages Emma's back. Adrianna massages Emma's legs.
	   Emma gives Jason a blowjob while Adrianna massages Emma's thighs and ass. Then Adrianna fingers Emma's ass.
	   Jason says that he could do a better job on that part of the body. He fucks Emma's ass while she licks Adrianna's pussy.
	   Adrianna, Emma and Jason have a steamy threesome. Jason cums in Emma's ass and she passes out.
	   Adrianna drinks the cum out of Emma's ass and leaves the room to take a shower. Jason touches Emma's ass.
	   Emma wakes up and Jason asks her if she maybe wants to go for round two. Now choose to stick Jason's cock in Emma's pussy or ass.
	   Jason fucks Emma and asks her what is going on between her and Michelle. Emma tells Jason that Michelle is the friend she wanted to ask about his parents.
	   Emma found out that Michelle had an affair with her husband and he got shot on his way to her. Jason cums in Emma and she passes out.
	   Adrianna returns from the shower and leaves with Jason.
	(When you have done step 573 twice, Jason already asked Emma about Michelle. He will not ask Emma about Michelle again at the end of this step.)
 577. Make sure you have done the previous events with Rachel (up to step 418). Go to Billy's home between 20:00 and 22:00.
	There is a 50 % chance to get the scene where Rachel's husband is leaving with his car. Now click on "Sneak into the house". Jason gets a phone call from Janice.
	Janice wants Jason to come home.
 578. Go home and to the bedroom at 22:00. Click on "Wait for Janice". Jason fucks Janice's ass and cums in her. Janice leaves the bedroom to take a shower.
	Now click on "Add sleeping pills". Janice returns to the bedroom and Jason offers her a glass of water. Janice drinks the water and falls asleep.
 579. Go to Billy's home and click on "Sneak into the house". Jason surprises Rachel in her bedroom. Jason fucks Rachel's pussy in different positions.
	Suddenly, Billy comes home and asks Rachel for something to eat. Rachel goes to the bedroom door and asks him to fix himself a sandwich.
	Jason cannot wait any longer and fucks Rachel at the bedroom door. They return to the bed and continue to fuck. Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside".