0.32  Janice:500  Julia:400  Kelly:400  Emma:460  Rebecca:350  Adrianna:255  Rachel:450  Danielle:400  Kira:280  Kendra:80  Michelle:15
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 580. Go to Michelle's house until 19:00 and click on "Knock on the door". She refuses to talk to Jason.
 581. Go to the school at 15:00. Kira appears with a sports bag. Click on "Be nice and offer help". Jason helps Kira to carry her sports bag to her home.
	Jason and Kira meet Michelle in front of her house. Kira introduces Jason to Michelle. Michelle's score increases by 5.
 582. The next day go to Michelle's house until 19:00 and click on "Knock on the door". Jason asks Michelle about her job at the hospital archives.
	Jason tells her that he needs an information about his real parents. Michelle tells Jason that she is not working there anymore and there is no legal way to help him.
 583. The next day go to Michelle's house at 20:00 or 21:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard".
	Jason watches Michelle in her bedroom applying lotion and rubbing her pussy.
 584. The next day go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Jason watches Michelle having sex with Rebecca's husband.
 585. The next day go to Michelle's house until 19:00 and click on "Knock on the door". Michelle opens the door and is in a good mood.
	She tells Jason that Rebecca's husband, Steve, finally divorced Rebecca and is going to marry her.
 586. Go home and to Julia's room when she is not in there. Pick up Julia's panties from the floor in front of the wardrobe.
 587. The next day go to Michelle's house between 20:00 and 22:00. Click on "Put Julia's panties into the car". Jason puts Julia's panties under the seat in Steve's car.
 588. The next day go to Michelle's house until 19:00 and click on "Knock on the door". Jason tells her that he thinks Steve is cheating on her.
	Jason says that he had seen Steve in his car with a girl about Jason's age and they seemed to be very happy together.
	Jason advises Michelle to check Steve's car from time to time. Michelle is sure she will not find anything in Steve's car.
 589. The next day go to Michelle's house until 19:00 and click on "Knock on the door". She tells Jason he was right that Steve is cheating on her.
	Michelle does not want to marry Steve anymore but cannot leave him because he pays the loan for her house. She thanks Jason for knowing the truth.
	Michelle's score increases by 10.
 590. The next day go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Jason watches Michelle and Steve having sex.
	Michelle sees Jason watching through the window.
 591. Go to Danielle's house at 21:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Danielle and Jason do the webcam show together.
	Jason gets half of the money they did on the webcam show. Danielle offers Jason to stay for the night. Jason gets a phone call from Janice.
	Click on "Tell that you won't be home tonight", but Janice wants Jason to come home.
 592. Now Jason has to gain Janice's trust. At home help Janice 4 times altogether with 2 chores to choose from:
	a) Vacuuming the living room: Go to the living room and wait for Janice vacuuming. Now click on "Offer your help" and Jason finishes vacuuming the living room.
	b) Washing the dishes in the kitchen: Go to the kitchen and wait for Janice washing the dishes. Now click on "Offer your help" and Jason finishes washing the dishes.
 593. Go to Danielle's house at 21:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Danielle and Jason do the webcam show together.
	Jason gets half of the money they did on the webcam show. Danielle offers Jason to stay for the night. Jason gets a phone call from Janice.
	Click on "Tell that you won't be home tonight". Janice agrees that Jason can stay away overnight.
 594. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Choose between "BlowJob" and "TitJob". At the end of the scene Danielle's score increases by 10.
 595. Repeat step 593.
 596. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Now click on "Fuck". Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions and cums in her.
	Danielle's score increases by 10.
 597. The next day after school Danielle talks to Jason. She tells him that someone from a big studio was watching their stream and she got an invitation for a casting.
	She asks Jason to come with her because the invitation is for both of them.
 598. Go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Have sex". Now you have 3 options:
	a) "BlowJob": Danielle gives Jason a blowjob. Now choose between "Fuck her" to continue with step 597 c or "Cum" to cum in Danielle's mouth.
	b) "TitJob": Jason plays with Danielle's tits and fucks them. Now choose between "Fuck her" to continue with step 597 c or "Cum" to cum on Danielle's face.
	c) "Fuck": Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions and cums in her.
 599. Go to the studio at 21:00 and approach Danielle. After some talking in the studio, Kelly appears and wants to start the casting. They have a steamy threesome.
	Jason fucks Danielle's pussy and Kelly spanks Danielle's ass. Kelly gets naughtier and licks Danielle's ass as Jason continues to fuck Danielle's pussy.
	Kelly leaves and returns a few moments later wearing a strapon. Kelly tries to fuck Danielle's ass. Danielle refuses to get fucked in the ass.
	She tells Kelly that her butt is too sensitive. Kelly tells Danielle if she does not do anal, she came to the wrong place. Danielle leaves the casting.
 600. Repeat step 593.
 601. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Now click on "Fuck". Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Now click on "Lick her ass".
	Jason licks Danielle's ass. Jason tries to stick a finger in Danielle's ass. She does not want Jason to continue. Danielle's score increases by 10.
 602. Go to Michelle's house at 21:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Get the scene where Michelle shoves a big dildo in her ass (60 % by chance).
 603. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Search for From Zero to Anal Hero kit". Then click on "Buy" to buy the kit for $500.
 604. Repeat step 593.
 605. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Now click on "Fuck". Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Now click on "Anal training".
	Jason licks Danielle's ass. Jason presents the training kit and shoves the small stick in Danielle's ass. Danielle's score increases by 10.
 606. Repeat step 593.
 607. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Now click on "Fuck". Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Now click on "Anal training".
	Jason licks Danielle's ass. Now click on "Thin" to shove the thin dildo in Danielle's ass. Danielle's score increases by 10.
 608. Repeat step 593.
 609. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Now click on "Fuck". Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Now click on "Anal training".
	Jason licks Danielle's ass. Now click on "Medium" to shove the medium dildo in Danielle's ass. Danielle's score increases by 10.
 610. Repeat step 593.
 611. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Now click on "Fuck". Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Now click on "Anal training".
	Jason licks Danielle's ass. Now click on "Real dick" and Jason sticks his cock in Danielle's ass. Jason fucks Danielle's ass in different positions and cums in her.
	Danielle's score increases by 10. After they fall asleep, Jason has a naughty "easter bunnies" dream. Danielle and Janice are easter bunnies and Jason fucks them.
 612. Repeat step 593.
 613. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Now click on "Fuck". Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Now click on "Anal training".
	Jason licks Danielle's ass. Now click on "Big" to shove the big dildo in Danielle's ass. Jason asks Danielle to apply for the casting one more time.
	She agrees and thanks Jason. Danielle's score increases by 10.
 614. From now on you have 2 possibilities to repeat the naughty "easter bunnies" dream (at the end of step 611):
	a) Go to sleep. Click on "Dreams" and "The Easter dream". Jason has a naughty "easter bunnies" dream. Danielle and Janice are easter bunnies and Jason fucks them.
	b) Repeat the steps 593 and 611. After Jason cums in Danielle's ass, click on "Stay inside". Jason leaves his cock inside Danielle's ass and then they fall asleep.
	   Jason has a naughty "easter bunnies" dream. Danielle and Janice are easter bunnies and Jason fucks them.
	   When you click on "Pull out", Jason pulls his cock out of Danielle's ass and then they fall asleep without Jason having the "easter bunnies" dream.
 615. The next day after school Danielle talks to Jason. She tells him that the studio agreed to repeat the casting.
 616. Go to the studio at 21:00 and approach Danielle. After some talking in the studio, Kelly appears and wants to start with the casting. They have a steamy threesome.
	Jason fucks Danielle's pussy and Kelly spanks Danielle's ass. Kelly gets naughtier and licks Danielle's ass as Jason continues to fuck Danielle's pussy.
	Kelly leaves and returns a few moments later wearing a strapon. Kelly fucks Danielle's ass in different positions. Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy.
	Then Kelly fucks Danielle's pussy with the strapon. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Fuck Danielle": Jason fucks Danielle's ass and Kelly fucks Danielle's pussy with the strapon. They change the positions.
	   Now Danielle sucks on Kelly's rubber cock while Jason fucks Danielle's ass. Kelly fucks Danielle's pussy with the strapon. Jason continues to fuck Danielle's ass.
	   Then Jason cums in Danielle's ass. Kelly tells Danielle that she was amazing. Jason tells Danielle that he would not mind to repeat this casting. Danielle agrees.
	   Danielle's and Kelly's scores increase by 10 (up to 400).
	b) "Fuck Kelly": Jason fucks Kelly's pussy and Kelly fucks Danielle's pussy with the strapon in different positions.
	   Then Kelly fucks Danielle's ass with the strapon and Jason fucks Kelly's ass. Jason cums in Kelly's ass. Kelly tells Danielle that she was amazing.
	   Jason tells Danielle that he would not mind to repeat this casting. Danielle agrees. Danielle's and Kelly's scores increase by 10 (up to 400).
 617. Go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. When you click on "Repeat the casting", you can repeat step 616.
	When you click on "Have sex", you have 3 options:
	a) "BlowJob": Danielle gives Jason a blowjob. Now choose between "Fuck her" to continue with step 617 c or "Cum" to cum in Danielle's mouth.
	b) "TitJob": Jason plays with Danielle's tits and fucks them. Now choose between "Fuck her" to continue with step 617 c or "Cum" to cum on Danielle's face.
	c) "Fuck": Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Now choose between "Fuck her ass" and "Cum".
 618. Go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee.
	Kelly goes to the restroom. After Kelly returns, click on "Ask about anal". Kelly asks Jason to pay her for the lesson. Click on "Pay $50" and "How it feels".
 619. Go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Repeat the casting".
 620. Go to the studio at 21:00 and approach Danielle. After some talking in the studio, Kelly appears and wants to start with the casting. They have a steamy threesome.
	Jason fucks Danielle's pussy and Kelly spanks Danielle's ass. Kelly gets naughtier and licks Danielle's ass as Jason continues to fuck Danielle's pussy.
	Kelly leaves and returns a few moments later wearing a strapon. Kelly fucks Danielle's ass in different positions. Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy.
	Then Kelly fucks Danielle's pussy with the strapon. Now click on "Fuck Danielle". Jason fucks Danielle's ass and Kelly fucks Danielle's pussy with the strapon.
	Click on "Accept the offer" to let Kelly fuck Jason's ass with the strapon. Danielle sticks Jason's cock in her ass and fucks him. Then they change positions.
	Now Danielle sucks on Kelly's rubber cock while Jason fucks Danielle's ass. Kelly fucks Danielle's pussy with the strapon and Jason continues to fuck Danielle's ass.
	Then Jason cums in Danielle's ass. Kelly tells Danielle that she was amazing. Jason tells Danielle that he would not mind to repeat this casting. Danielle agrees.
	Danielle's and Kelly's scores increase by 10 (up to 400).