0.33  Janice:500  Julia:400  Kelly:400  Emma:460  Rebecca:350  Adrianna:255  Rachel:480  Danielle:400  Kira:280  Kendra:150  Michelle:15
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 621. Make sure you have done the steps 577 to 579. Go to Billy's home. Jason meets Rachel and Michelle. They are talking to each other. Then Michelle goes home.
	Rachel tells Jason that Michelle told her that her fiancé wants to take Michelle out to a fancy restaurant, but Michelle tried to avoid that.
	Then Rachel tells Jason how she misses spending romantic evenings at the beach.
 622. Go home and to the bathroom, then to the room with the jacuzzi. Take the candles.
 623. Go to the dining room and pick up the "Fine Wine" from the cabinet.
 624. Go to Billy's home between 20:00 and 22:00. There is a 50 % chance to get the scene where Rachel's husband is leaving with his car.
	Now click on "Sneak into the house". Jason gets a phone call from Janice. Janice wants Jason to come home.
 625. Go home and to the bedroom at 22:00. Click on "Wait for Janice". Jason fucks Janice's ass and cums in her. Janice leaves the bedroom to take a shower.
	Now click on "Add sleeping pills". Janice returns to the bedroom and Jason offers her a glass of water. Janice drinks the water and falls asleep.
 626. Go to Billy's home and click on "Sneak into the house". Jason surprises Rachel in her bedroom. Now click on "Take her out".
	Jason and Rachel go to the remote part of the beach. He surprises her with a romantic candlelight picnic. After a glass of wine, Jason caresses Rachel.
	Jason and Rachel continue to fuck on the beach and in the water at the nearby rock. Now choose between "Pussy" and "Ass". Billy appears on the pier to spy on Janice.
	Using his binoculars, he sees Jason and Rachel having sex at the rock. Finally, Jason cums in Rachel. Rachel's score increases by 10 (up to 480).
	When you repeat this scene, Billy no longer appears on the pier.
 627. (Billy): After the first time Billy saw Jason and Rachel having sex at the beach, he approaches Jason the next day after school.
	Billy angrily tells Jason that he saw him and his mom fucking. Billy suggests to swap their moms for a day. Click on "Decline".
	Jason tells him that he needs some time to think about it.
 628. Make sure you have sleeping pills. Go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra.
	Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Complain about the pain". Kendra tells Jason to follow her to do some tests.
	After all the tests are done, she says that tomorrow morning the results are available.
 629. At night click on "Call Kendra". Jason tells Kendra that he is bored and he thought that they could have a talk about books or something like that.
	Kendra stays with Jason and they have a conversation about the book "The even less shades of pink". Kendra gets tired.
	She wants to drink some coffee and asks Jason if he also wants some coffee. He agrees and Kendra returns with 2 cups of coffee.
	Jason and Kendra sit on the hospital bed. Jason tells Kendra that he is so glad that she is working at the hospital and without her it would be boring.
	Now click on "Ask for sugar". Kendra leaves the room to get some sugar. Now Jason adds a sleeping pill to Kendra's coffee. Then Kendra returns without the sugar.
	Kendra drinks some more coffee and falls asleep. Jason lays her on the hospital bed and says how cute she is while sleeping. Jason takes Kendra's ID badge.
 630. Click on Jason's hospital room door (room 204). Now click on "Return the ID badge" to give the ID badge back to Kendra. Jason goes back to sleep.
	The next morning Kendra awakes and rushes to work.
 631. On weekends between 13:00 and 15:00 go to the beach. Jason sees that Kendra is looking for something. Click on "Approach Kendra".
	She tells him that she lost her key in the sand. Jason tells her that he will think of something to find the key. Click on "Leave".
 632. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Ask for advice how to find a key". Billy tells Jason that he could use a magnet to find the key.
 633. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. Get the scene where Rachel opens the door and calls Billy. Click on "Ask about the magnet".
	Billy found the magnet in the garage. He gives Jason the magnet and asks him to find an ancient coin. Jason agrees to find it.
 634. Go to the beach. When no one is there, click on "Search for Kendra's key". Jason uses the magnet and finds Kendra's key.
	Jason says that he should make a duplicate, which might be useful one day.
 635. Go to the remote part of the beach. When no one is there, click on "Search for the coin". Jason uses the magnet and finds the ancient coin Billy is looking for.
 636. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Show him the ancient coin". Jason gives Billy the coin and gets $400 from him.
 637. Go to the school at 18:00 or later and approach the shady guy. He offers Jason the next job. Click on "Decline" and "Ask him to make a key duplicate".
	Click on "Accept" to pay the shady guy $50 for the duplicate.
 638. The next day go to the school at 18:00 or later and approach the shady guy. Click on "Ask him about the duplicate key".
	The shady guy gives Jason both the original key and the duplicate key.
 639. On weekends between 13:00 and 15:00 go to the beach. Kendra is still looking for the key. Click on "Return her the key". Kendra's score increases by 10.
 640. Make sure you have sleeping pills. Go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra.
	Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Complain about the pain". Kendra tells Jason to follow her to do some tests.
	After all the tests are done, she says that tomorrow morning the results are available.
 641. At night click on "Call Kendra". Jason tells Kendra that he is bored and he thought that they could have a talk about books or something like that.
	Kendra stays with Jason and they have a conversation about the book "The even less shades of pink". Kendra gets tired.
	She wants to drink some coffee and asks Jason if he also wants some coffee. He agrees and Kendra returns with 2 cups of coffee.
	Jason and Kendra sit on the hospital bed. Jason tells Kendra that he is so glad that she is working at the hospital and without her it would be boring.
	Now click on "Ask for sugar". Kendra leaves the room to get some sugar. Now Jason adds a sleeping pill to Kendra's coffee. Then Kendra returns without the sugar.
	Kendra drinks some more coffee and falls asleep. Jason lays her on the hospital bed and says how cute she is while sleeping. Jason takes Kendra's ID badge.
 642. Click on Jason's hospital room door (room 204). Now click on "Return the ID badge" to give the ID badge back to Kendra. Click on "Pull up her skirt".
	Jason fucks Kendra's thighs. Jason cums and goes back to sleep. The next morning Jason and Kendra awake. She is surprised to see Jason's cock and rushes to work.
 643. Go to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Kendra. She asks him to come to the hospital to run additional tests.
 644. Go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra. Click on "Additional health tests". At night Kendra returns and wakes Jason up.
	She handcuffed him to the bed and has put a gag ball into his mouth. Kendra punishes Jason for drugging her.
	She fucks him and does not let him cum in her pussy by using a cock ring. Then Kendra uncuffs Jason and goes back to work. Jason removes the cock ring and cums.
	Jason gets +10 total energy (now at 95) and he takes the "Gag Ball". The next morning Jason apologizes to Kendra for adding the sleeping pills to her coffee.
	Kendra's score increases by 10.
 645. Go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra. Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Complain about the pain".
	Kendra tells Jason to follow her to do some tests. After all the tests are done, she says that tomorrow morning the results are available.
 646. At night click on "Revenge". Jason hides behind the door. Kendra enters the room and Jason grabs her. He pushes her to the bed.
	Jason handcuffs Kendra and puts the gag ball into her mouth. He fucks Kendra in different positions and removes the gag ball to fuck her mouth.
	Finally, Jason cums on Kendra's face.
 647. Go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra. Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Complain about the pain".
	Kendra tells Jason to follow her to do some tests. After all the tests are done, she says that tomorrow morning the results are available.
 648. At night click on "Call Kendra". Jason tells Kendra that he is bored and he thought that they could have a talk about books or something like that.
	Kendra stays with Jason and they have a conversation about the book "The even less shades of pink". Kendra gets tired.
	She wants to drink some coffee and asks Jason if he also wants some coffee. He agrees and Kendra returns with 2 cups of coffee.
	Jason and Kendra sit on the hospital bed. Jason tells Kendra that he is so glad that she is working at the hospital and without her it would be boring.
	Now click on "Ask for punishment". Jason tells Kendra that he liked how she punished him and asks her if they could do that again. Kendra agrees to do it.
	Kendra returns and wakes Jason up. She handcuffed him to the bed and has put a gag ball into his mouth. Kendra punishes Jason for drugging her.
	She fucks him and does not let him cum in her pussy by using a cock ring. Then Kendra uncuffs Jason and goes back to work. Jason removes the cock ring and cums.
	The next morning Jason apologizes to Kendra for adding the sleeping pills to her coffee. Kendra's score increases by 10 (up to 150).
 649. Make sure you have done the steps 505 to 507. When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure" and "Give her Dog outfit with mask".
	Janice gives Jason a blowjob in the living room. Julia appears wearing her pink dog outfit. Now she gives Jason a blowjob and bites his cock.
	He sends Julia back to her room. Janice continues to give Jason a blowjob. Jason cums in Janice's mouth. The scene continues the next morning.
	Janice gives Jason a blowjob under the table in the dining room. Julia comes by and tells Jason that she will take a bath. Jason cums in Janice's mouth.
 650. Make sure you have the gag ball (step 644). When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure" and "Give her Dog outfit with mask".
	Janice gives Jason a blowjob in the living room. Julia appears wearing her pink dog outfit.
	Jason puts the gag ball into Julia's mouth, so she will not bite his cock again. Jason fucks Julia's and Janice's pussies.
	Now choose to fuck Julia's or Janice's pussy. During this you can switch to Julia or Janice. Finally, click on "Cum" to cum in Julia's or Janice's pussy.