0.34  Janice:500  Julia:410  Kelly:400  Emma:460  Rebecca:350  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:400  Kira:300  Kendra:150  Michelle:105
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 651. Make sure you have done Danielle's webcam shows (up to step 593). Go to the beach. When Danielle is standing on the lifeguard tower, click on "Approach Danielle".
	She tells Jason that she could not pass up the job offer as a lifeguard.
 652. Make sure you have suncream. Go to the beach at 17:00 or 18:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Kira or Michelle sunbathing.
	When Michelle is there, she notices Jason and wants him to come over. She asks Jason for suncream. Jason gives Michelle the suncream. Michelle's score increases by 10.
 653. Go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard" and "Yes". Jason watches Michelle and Steve having sex.
	Steve cums prematurely in Michelle's pussy. Michelle is disappointed in Steve because he promised to fuck her ass too.
 654. Go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Michelle is there looking at her lawn mower. Click on "Come closer". Michelle asks Jason to fix her lawn mower.
	He tells her that the mower needs some gasoline.
 655. Go home and click on the garage door behind Jason. He gets a canister full of gasoline. (If Jason goes to his room, go to the pool. Now move the camera to the right.
	Then click on the garage door. Jason gets a canister full of gasoline.)
 656. Go back to Michelle's house. Michelle is there looking at her lawn mower. Click on "Come closer". Jason fills up the tank of the lawn mower.
	Michelle asks Jason to mow the lawn. Jason mows the lawn and one hour later Michelle comes back. She tells Jason that she never mowed the lawn so clean by herself.
	She kisses Jason on his forehead. Michelle's score increases by 10.
 657. Make sure you have suncream. The next day go to the beach at 17:00 or 18:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Kira or Michelle sunbathing.
	When Michelle is there, she wants Jason to come over. She asks Jason for suncream. Jason gives Michelle the suncream.
	Now she asks Jason to apply the suncream on her back. Jason applies the suncream on Michelle's back. Michelle's score increases by 10.
 658. Go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Jason watches Michelle fingering her pussy.
	She notices Jason masturbating and lets him watch her. Michelle sticks 2 fingers in her mouth and then she sticks them in her ass.
	Finally, Jason cums on the bedroom window.
 659. The next day go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting in the pool having a glass of wine and looking pretty upset.
	She notices Jason and wants him to come over. She asks him to get in the pool. Michelle tells Jason that Steve is cheating on her again.
	Michelle thinks that she is just an old ugly hag with big ugly boobs and a fat ass. Jason tells her that she is a very attractive lady with very beautiful breasts.
	Michelle wants Jason to feel her breasts. Now Jason caresses Michelle's breasts. Michelle's score increases by 10.
	He tells her that her breasts are soft and sucks on one of them. Jason and Michelle are about to kiss when Kira suddenly appears.
	She notices that Michelle is drunk and drags her out of the pool.
 660. Make sure you have suncream. Go to the beach at 17:00 or 18:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Kira or Michelle sunbathing.
	When Michelle is there, click on "Approach her" and "Offer the sun lotion". She asks Jason to apply the suncream on her back.
	Then Jason applies the suncream on Michelle's back. She asks Jason if guys of his age still find such fat asses like hers attractive.
	Jason admits that her ass is big, but the shape is just perfect. Now Michelle asks Jason to rub some suncream on her butt.
	Jason rubs the suncream on Michelle's butt and she tells him that he could be a really good masseur. Jason gets an erection and Michelle's score increases by 10.
	Then he finishes applying the suncream on Michelle's butt. Michelle notices Jason's erection and she feels good to be desired.
	Repeat this step until Michelle's score is 95.
 661. Go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Jason watches Michelle fingering her pussy. She notices Jason and shows him her big ass.
	She sticks a finger in her mouth and then she sticks the finger in her ass. Jason masturbates and Michelle continues to fuck her ass with 2 fingers.
	Finally, Jason cums on the bedroom window. Michelle's score increases by 10.
 662. Go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting naked in the pool and plays with her tits and pussy.
	Jason masturbates while Michelle rubs her pussy. Michelle notices Jason and wants him to come closer. Suddenly, Steve is standing on the balcony.
	He tells Michelle that he was looking for her.
 663. Go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Jason watches Michelle fingering her pussy.
	She notices Jason masturbating and wants him to come in. Jason enters the bedroom and Michelle gives Jason a blowjob while Steve is sleeping next to them.
	Suddenly, Steve awakes and wants Michelle to hug him. Jason hides beside the bed and then he goes home to sleep.
 664. Make sure you have fucked Kira in the school shower (step 442). Go to the park and catch Kira sitting on the bench. Click on "Approach her".
	She tells Jason that she bought 2 tickets for a concert and does not have anyone to go with her. Jason tells Kira to find someone to accompany her.
	Kira's score increases by 10.
 665. Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Ask her to go out with Kira". Julia agrees to go out with Kira.
	Julia's and Kira's scores increase by 10. (If Julia tells Jason that she cannot help Kira this time because she has other plans, repeat the steps 531 and 532.)
 666. When Jason goes to sleep the next day, click on "Dreams" and "Dream about Kira and Julia". Jason dreams about Kira and Julia having sex in Michelle's pool.
	During the scene click on "Kira" or "Julia" and "Pussy" or "Ass" to continue having different sex fantasies about Kira and Julia. That night Julia is not at home.
	From now on Julia will not spend the night at home every 5 to 10 days.
 667. From now on, when Jason goes to sleep, click on "Dreams" and "Dream about Kira and Julia". Jason dreams about Kira and Julia having sex in Michelle's pool.
	During the scene click on "Kira" or "Julia" and "Pussy" or "Ass" to continue having different sex fantasies about Kira and Julia.
 668. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about outfits". Now click on "Swimsuits".
	From now on you can also choose the "Swimsuit Dream". Now choose the colors for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone.
	Click on "Done". Then click on "Wear it" to let Julia wear the swimsuit on this day or "Wear it as daily as well" to let her wear the swimsuit all the time at home.
 669. Make sure you have done the steps 626, 635 and 636. Go to Billy's home at 14:00 or 15:00. Jason sees how Billy is refusing to go fishing with his dad.
	Jason convinces Billy to go fishing with his dad because he could find more ancient coins at the beach.
 670. Jason enters Billy's home and surprises Rachel. Then click on "Be gentle" or "Be rough". Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and cums in her. Now Rachel makes Jason a sandwich.
	Then they go to the bathroom. Jason licks and fucks Rachel's ass and cums in her. Now Jason and Rachel go to the bedroom.
	Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and finally cums in her. Rachel's score increases by 10 (up to 500).
 671. Make sure you have done the steps 532 and 669. Go home and to Jason's room. (On weekends this happens automatically.)
	Julia comes in and asks Jason if he thinks that she is fat because she was told that her ass is getting too fat for modeling.
	He tells her that her ass is fine and that she could start jogging if she worries about getting fat. Julia says that she does not have sneakers.
	Jason tells her that he will get her the sneakers. This storyline continues with step 967.
 672. To repeat step 670, go to Billy's home on Saturdays at 14:00. Jason sees how Billy and his dad are leaving. Now click on "Go inside".
 673. (Billy): The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Talk about Mom swap idea" and "Agree".
	Jason tells Billy that he likes the idea and will do his best to talk Janice into it.
 674. (Billy): Go home and to the living room. Catch Janice there reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Talk about Mom swap".
	Jason tells Janice that he and Billy thought it would be cool to swap their moms for a day. Janice likes the idea.
 675. (Billy): The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Talk about Mom swap idea". Jason tells Billy the great news that Janice is waiting for him.
	Then Jason enters Billy's home and surprises Rachel. Now click on "Be gentle" or "Be rough". Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and cums in her.
	Now Rachel makes Jason a sandwich. Then they go to the bathroom. Jason licks and fucks Rachel's ass and cums in her. Now Jason and Rachel go to the bedroom.
	Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and finally cums in her. Rachel's score increases by 10 (up to 500).
 676. (Billy): The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Ask about his day with Janice". Billy tells his version of the day full of lustful sex with Janice.
 677. (Billy): Go home and to the living room. Catch Janice there reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Ask about her day with Billy".
	Janice tells her version of the day full of restrained sex with Billy.