0.35  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:400  Emma:460  Rebecca:350  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:400  Kira:300  Kendra:150  Michelle:185
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 678. Go to Michelle's house at 20:00 or later and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting naked in the pool having a glass of wine.
	She notices Jason and wants him to get in the pool. Jason gets in the pool and Michelle squeezes his head between her tits. Then Jason sucks on her tits.
	As they kiss, Steve suddenly comes back from work. Jason gets behind Michelle. Steve talks to Michelle and Jason licks her pussy from behind.
	Steve goes into the house and Michelle asks Jason to get out of the pool. Jason goes home to sleep.
 679. Go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Jason watches Michelle fingering her pussy.
	She notices Jason masturbating and wants him to come in. Jason enters the bedroom and Michelle gives Jason a blowjob while Steve is sleeping next to them.
	Suddenly, Steve awakes and Jason hides beside the bed. Michelle tells Steve that she had a bad dream. Now click on "Go for it" to lick Michelle's ass.
	Then click on "Finger her" to stick 2 fingers in Michelle's pussy. Steve notices that Michelle is sweating.
	She tells him that she maybe overstayed in the pool today and caught a cold. Michelle wants Steve to make her a cup of hot tea.
	Steve leaves the bedroom to make her a tea. Michelle's score increases by 10. Michelle cannot take it anymore and wants Jason to fuck her.
	Jason sticks his cock in her pussy. Now Steve comes back with a cup of tea. Jason hides beside the bed and then he goes home to sleep.
 680. Go to Michelle's house at 20:00. Jason sees how Michelle is leaving for the evening with Steve.
 681. The next day go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Ask about the evening".
	Michelle tells him that Steve took her out to the restaurant. Jason mentions how gorgeous she looked in that dress.
	Michelle tells Jason that she cannot say the same about the evening. Steve met a friend from work and both got completely drunk.
	Finally, Michelle says that Steve will be away on a business trip soon and then she will give Jason a call. Michelle's score increases by 10.
 682. Make sure you asked Michelle about the evening at the restaurant (step 681) and you have done the "Julia going out with Kira" event (step 666).
	Also make sure Kira's score is 200 or higher. Go home and to Jason's room. Julia is sitting at Jason's PC.
	She is looking for an online store which has superhero costumes because Kira invited her to a themed party.
	Julia tells Jason that she cannot find a superhero costume and leaves Jason's room. Jason thinks that he could find an online store.
	(This event will be continued with step 764.)
 683. Go home and to Jason's room. From now on every 3 to 7 days Jason gets a message from Michelle when he is in his room.
	Keep going to Jason's room until you get a message from Michelle where she tells him that Steve will be out of town tonight and she might feel very lonely.
 684. Go to Michelle's house at 20:00 or later and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting naked in the pool and plays with her tits and pussy.
	Jason masturbates while Michelle rubs her pussy. Michelle notices Jason and wants him to come to her. Michelle gives Jason a blowjob and let him fuck her tits.
	Then she sticks Jason's cock in her pussy and they fuck in different positions. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
	Michelle's score increases by 10. Now click on "Go home".
 685. Make sure you have suncream. Go to the beach at 17:00 or 18:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Kira or Michelle sunbathing.
	When Michelle is there, click on "Approach her" and "Offer the sun lotion". She asks Jason to apply the suncream on her back.
	Jason applies the suncream on Michelle's back. She asks Jason if guys of his age still find such fat asses like hers attractive.
	Jason admits that her ass is big, but the shape is just perfect. Now Michelle asks Jason to rub some suncream on her butt.
	Jason rubs the suncream on Michelle's butt and she tells him that he could be a really good masseur. Jason gets an erection and Michelle moves her panties to the side.
	Jason licks Michelle's ass and then he sticks a thumb in it. Now Jason cannot take it anymore and fucks Michelle's ass.
	Suddenly, Danielle appears on the beach to start her shift as a lifeguard. Michelle feels embarrassed.
	She tells Jason to warn her the next time before going balls deep in one thrust because it was so painful.
 686. From now on, when Jason goes to sleep, click on "Dreams" and "Dream about Michelle and Danielle". Jason dreams about Michelle and Danielle sitting in a bar.
	Suddenly, Jason appears with a gun. Click on "Pull down the skirts" to reveal Danielle's and Michelle's tits and to suck on them or "Leave it as it is".
	Now Jason forces them to bend over the counter and pulls up both skirts. Choose to fuck Danielle's or Michelle's pussy.
	During this you can switch to Danielle or Michelle. Click on "Continue" and choose to fuck Danielle's or Michelle's ass.
	During this you can switch to Danielle or Michelle. Finally, click on "Cum" to cum on Danielle's and Michelle's faces.
 687. Make sure you have suncream and lube. Go to the beach at 17:00 or 18:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Kira or Michelle sunbathing.
	When Michelle is there, click on "Approach her" and "Offer the sun lotion". She asks Jason to apply the suncream on her back.
	Jason applies the suncream on Michelle's back. She asks Jason if guys of his age still find such fat asses like hers attractive.
	Jason admits that her ass is big, but the shape is just perfect. Now Michelle asks Jason to rub some suncream on her butt.
	Jason rubs the suncream on Michelle's butt and she tells him that he could be a really good masseur. Jason gets an erection and Michelle moves her panties to the side.
	Jason licks Michelle's ass. Now click on "Use Lube". Jason uses the lube and sticks a thumb in Michelle's ass.
	Now Jason cannot take it anymore and fucks Michelle's ass in different positions. Finally, he cums in her ass. Michelle's score increases by 10 (up to 185).
 688. (Pregnancy): Make sure Janice's score is 500 or higher, you have done all threesomes with Janice and Julia (up to step 293) and Jason's energy is 95.
	Go home and to the bedroom when Janice is not in there and click on the bed. Now click on "Set as your sleeping bed". Go to sleep in Janice's bed.
	At night Julia appears and asks Jason and Janice to sleep with them. Click on "Agree". After everyone falls asleep, click on "Wake them up".
	Jason, Janice and Julia start to lick and kiss each other. Click on "Janice" or "Julia" and "Pussy" or "Ass". Jason fucks Janice's or Julia's pussy or ass.
	Then he cums in Janice's or Julia's pussy or ass. Now you can continue the scene twice by choosing to fuck Janice's or Julia's pussy or ass.
	By the end of the scene Janice ingests a birth control pill. Janice's and Julia's scores increase by 10 (up to 550).
 689. Go to Jason's room. Jason gets a message about a new sexy micro bikini. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser".
	Go to the "Veronica's Secret" store and buy the "Micro Bikini".
 690. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Give her Micro Bikini". Julia's score increases by 10 (up to 550).
	Now choose the colors for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone. Click on "Done".
	Then click on "Wear it" to let Julia wear the swimsuit on this day or "Wear it as daily as well" to let her wear the swimsuit all the time at home.
 691. (Pregnancy): Catch Janice exercising alone in the living room. Click on "Keep watching" and "Hide and watch". Now click on "Use hypno command" and "Be impregnated".
	Janice asks Jason if he is out of his mind. She says that she was pretending the last time and liked the things he wanted from her.
	Janice tells Jason that getting is own mother pregnant is way too much but she would like to have a baby.
 692. (Pregnancy): Go to sleep in Janice's bed. Click on "Wake them up". Jason, Janice and Julia start to lick and kiss each other.
	Click on "Janice" or "Julia" and "Pussy" or "Ass". Jason fucks Janice's or Julia's pussy or ass. Then he cums in Janice's or Julia's pussy or ass.
	Now you can continue the scene twice by choosing to fuck Janice's or Julia's pussy or ass. By the end of the scene Janice ingests a birth control pill.
	Jason notices that Janice keeps her birth control pills in her nightstand. He has the idea to swap them with fake ones.
	Janice's and Julia's scores increase by 10 (up to 550).
 693. (Pregnancy): Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Now click on "Ask about Fake pills".
	Kelly gives Jason the "Placebo pills". Click on "Pay" to buy the pills for $50.
 694. (Pregnancy): Go home and to the bedroom. Click on the nightstand on the left side of the bed. Jason swaps the pills.
 695. (Pregnancy): Go to sleep in Janice's bed. Click on "Wake them up". Jason, Janice and Julia start to lick and kiss each other.
	Click on "Janice" and "Pussy" to fuck Janice's pussy. After Jason cums in Janice's pussy, she will be pregnant with a chance of 33 %.
	Now continue the scene by choosing to fuck Janice's pussy. After Jason cums in Janice's pussy, she will be pregnant with a chance of 66 %.
	Continue the scene again by choosing to fuck Janice's pussy. After Jason cums in Janice's pussy, she will definitely be pregnant.
	By the end of the scene Janice ingests a placebo pill. Janice's and Julia's scores increase by 10 (up to 550).
 696. (Pregnancy): Go home and to Jason's room. (On weekends this happens automatically.)
	When the impregnation was successful, Janice tells Jason that she is pregnant with his baby. She says that they should sleep together, since she is carrying his baby.
	Janice's bed is the default sleeping bed from now on.
 697. (Pregnancy): Go to the bathroom when Janice is in the jacuzzi (between 20:00 and 22:00) and click on "Join her".
	Jason teases Janice by saying that her belly is getting bigger and bigger every day and that this really fits her. Jason can barely hold himself.
	Janice wants him to fuck her. Jason licks Janice's pussy and fucks her pussy in different positions. Finally, he cums in Janice's pussy.
 698. (Pregnancy): Go to sleep and with a chance of 40 % Jason wakes up with Janice giving him a blowjob. Click on "Continue" and Janice wants Jason to fuck her in the ass.
	Now click on "Use lube" or "Use saliva". After Jason puts the lube or his saliva in Janice's ass, he fucks her ass in different positions and cums in her.
	(When you let John stay at home (step 474) and he is at home, he will come in during the scene asking if the baby is coming.
	Janice tells John that the baby is not coming and asks him to get out.)
 699. (Pregnancy): Janice goes into labor after 30 days. When you go to sleep and click on "Sleep till morning" or at the end of step 698 Janice goes into labor.
	Jason calls an ambulance and the next morning Janice gives birth to a baby girl in the hospital. As soon as the scene in the hospital ends, the baby is gone.