0.36  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:400  Emma:460  Rebecca:350  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:490  Kira:300  Kendra:150  Michelle:245
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 700. Go to the beach. When Danielle is standing on the lifeguard tower, click on "Fake drowning". Jason gets into the ocean and fakes a drowning.
	Danielle helps Jason out of the ocean and performs a mouth-to-mouth respiration on Jason. Suddenly, Jason kisses her. Danielle tells him that this is not funny.
	She goes back to the lifeguard tower.
 701. The next day go to the beach. When Danielle is standing on the lifeguard tower, click on "Approach Danielle". Danielle invites Jason to check the lifeguard tower.
	Click on "Grab her butt". Danielle refuses to have some fun with Jason, since she is at work.
 702. The next day go to the beach. When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle looks at a graffiti and tells Jason that some bastards vandalized her tower. Jason offers Danielle to help her clean the lifeguard tower.
 703. Go home and click on the garage door behind Jason. If Jason goes to his room, go to the pool and click on the storage room door on the right side of the house.
	Jason gets the cleaning tools.
 704. Make sure Michelle's score is 140 or higher. The next day go to the beach. When Danielle is standing on the lifeguard tower, click on "Check the Lifeguard tower".
	Jason tries to clean off the graffiti from the lifeguard tower to no avail. Michelle appears at the lifeguard tower and asks Jason what he is doing.
	He tells her that he tries to clean off the board of the lifeguard tower with no luck. Michelle tells Jason to use some cleaning liquid.
 705. Go inside the school at 15:00 and go to the toilet. (At this hour graffiti is being cleaned off from the toilet's wall.) Click on the bottle with the blue cap.
	Jason receives the "Urban graffiti remover". Return to the corridor.
 706. Go to the beach. When Danielle is standing on the lifeguard tower, click on "Check the Lifeguard tower".
	Jason tries to clean off the graffiti from the lifeguard tower to no avail. Michelle appears at the lifeguard tower and asks Jason if he has got the paint remover.
	Jason is not sure about it. Michelle helps Jason to find it out. She cleans off the graffiti from the lifeguard tower.
	Now her swimsuit is dirty from all the cleaning work. Danielle appears and asks what happened. Jason explains the situation to Danielle.
	Michelle has to take off the swimsuit because the paint is burning on her skin. Danielle takes Michelle to the lifeguard tower.
	Michelle changes into a tight red lifeguard swimsuit. Then Jason takes some pictures of Danielle and Michelle wearing the red lifeguard swimsuits.
	Danielle gets a call and goes into the lifeguard tower. Now Jason takes some pictures of Michelle holding the lifeguard rescue can.
	As Jason takes some pictures with Michelle in the water, she starts to drown. Danielle rescues Michelle and they go to the beach.
	Michelle's swimsuit slipped out of place. Jason and Danielle recognize a butt plug in Michelle's ass. Michelle thanks Danielle for rescuing her again.
	Danielle's and Michelle's scores increase by 10. Michelle goes home.
	Jason tells Danielle that she can learn something from Michelle about the last stage of the anal training. Danielle is not sure about this.
	Jason says that he will talk to Danielle.
 707. Go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door", "Talk" and "Ask for anal training help for Danielle".
	She tells Jason to talk about it some other time.
 708. Go home and to Jason's room. Every 3 to 7 days Jason gets a message from Michelle when he is in his room.
	Keep going to Jason's room until you get a message from Michelle where she tells him that Steve will be out of town tonight and she might feel very lonely.
 709. Go to Michelle's house at 20:00 or later and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting naked in the pool and plays with her tits and pussy.
	Jason masturbates while Michelle rubs her pussy. Michelle notices Jason and wants him to come to her. Michelle gives Jason a blowjob and let him fuck her tits.
	Then she sticks Jason's cock in her pussy and they fuck in different positions. Now choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
	Finally, click on "Ask her to help Danielle with anal training". Michelle agrees to help Danielle.
 710. Go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Talk about anal training".
	Jason tells Danielle that he has talked to Michelle and that she agreed to help Danielle.
 711. Later that evening Michelle comes by and is surprised to see Jason in Danielle's bedroom. Danielle tells Michelle that the training program was Jason's idea.
	Danielle and Michelle take a look at and talk about the different dildo sizes in the "From Zero to Anal Hero kit". Then the anal training program begins.
	As soon as Michelle tries to stick the biggest dildo in Danielle's ass, Danielle stops her and tells Michelle that it is too big and will not fit.
	Michelle demonstrates how to stick the biggest dildo in her ass. Now Danielle tries it once again. This time the dildo slides into Danielle's ass.
	Jason cannot resist any longer and they have a steamy threesome. Now choose to continue with Danielle or Michelle.
	Then you have different options to continue the anal training program full of ass fisting and fucking. Finally, click on "Cum".
	Now choose to cum on their faces or asses, in Danielle's or Michelle's pussy or in Danielle's or Michelle's ass. Danielle's and Michelle's scores increase by 10.
 712. To repeat the anal training (step 711), go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside.
	Click on "Repeat the training with Michelle". Later that evening Michelle comes by. Now Danielle slowly sticks the biggest dildo into her ass.
	Jason cannot resist any longer and they have a steamy threesome. Now choose to continue with Danielle or Michelle.
	Then you have different options to continue the anal training program full of ass fisting and fucking. Finally, click on "Cum".
	Now choose to cum on their faces or asses, in Danielle's or Michelle's pussy or in Danielle's or Michelle's ass.
	Danielle's and Michelle's scores increase by 10 (Danielle: up to 490, Michelle: up to 245).
 713. Go to Danielle's house at 21:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Within the cam show room Jason wonders where Danielle is.
	After a while, she appears wearing a kinky lifeguard swimsuit. Danielle teases the viewers with her kinky lifeguard swimsuit.
	Danielle's score increases by 10 (up to 490). Then she goes away to get a surprise. After a while, she presents an extra thick dildo.
	Danielle and Jason start the webcam show using the thick dildo in Danielle's ass. Jason fucks Danielle's pussy and cums in her.
	Danielle's score increases by 10 (up to 490). After the end of the show, click on "Stay" to stay with Danielle overnight.
 714. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Now click on "Fuck". Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Now click on "Anal training".
	Jason licks Danielle's ass. Then click on "Extra thick". Danielle asks Jason to invite Michelle again.
	Later that evening Michelle comes by to repeat the anal training (step 711).
 715. The next day go to the beach. When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower and looking out to sea, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle is wearing her new lifeguard swimsuit. Danielle and Jason talk about how nice she looks in her new swimsuit. For now, click on "Leave".
 716. Make sure you have done the steps 490 to 493. Go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Talk".
	Jason asks Michelle about the help regarding the hospital archives. Michelle agrees to help Jason by finding someone in the hospital who remembers her.
 717. The next day go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Talk". Michelle tells Jason that the receptionist is new and does not listen to her.
 718. (Billy): Make sure you have asked Billy about his day with Janice (step 676). The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Swap moms for a day".
	Now Jason enters Billy's home and surprises Rachel. Click on "Be gentle" or "Be rough". Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and cums in her. Now Rachel makes Jason a sandwich.
	Then click on "Let's go to the beach". Jason and Rachel go to the remote part of the beach to have sex. Suddenly, Janice and Billy appear.
	Jason suggests to have fun together and Janice convinces Rachel to continue. Now Jason continues to have sex with Rachel and Billy starts to have sex with Janice.
	After a while, Jason fucks Janice's ass and then continues to fuck Rachel's pussy. Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside".