0.37  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:490  Kira:400  Kendra:150  Michelle:245
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 719. Go to the pharmacy shop at 20:00 and click on "Go in". Jason goes to the BDSM dungeon and watches Kelly punishing the receptionist.
 720. The next day go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and "Talk about receptionist Yuki".
	Jason tells Kelly that he really likes her friend Yuki and asks if he could spend some time with her in the dungeon.
	Kelly gets angry and tells Jason that no one may find out about what she and Yuki are doing. Jason says that he is not going to tell anyone.
	Jason asks Kelly if she could let him have some fun with Yuki. Kelly reluctantly agrees and wants Jason to get her an assistant for the pharmacy shop.
 721. Go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Offer a job at the pharmacy store". She refuses to take the job.
 722. Go to Michelle's house. Kira is wearing a fancy dress and seems to have an argument with Michelle.
	Kira goes into the house and Jason asks Michelle if everything is okay. Michelle tells Jason that Kira spent all her savings for one dress.
 723. Come back to Michelle's house between 17:00 and 19:00. Jason meets Kira wearing the fancy dress. Click on "Approach her".
	Jason tells Kira how gorgeous and amazing she looks in that dress.
 724. Go home and to Jason's room. Every 3 to 7 days Jason gets a message from Michelle when he is in his room.
	Keep going to Jason's room until you get a message from Michelle where she tells him that Steve will be out of town tonight and she might feel very lonely.
 725. Go to Michelle's house at 20:00 or later and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting naked in the pool and plays with her tits and pussy.
	Jason masturbates while Michelle rubs her pussy. Michelle notices Jason and wants him to come to her. Michelle gives Jason a blowjob and let him fuck her tits.
	Then she sticks Jason's cock in her pussy and they fuck in different positions. Then choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 726. Now click on "Look for Kira's room". Jason enters Kira's room. Click on the iron. Jason turns the iron on and puts it on her dress to burn it.
 727. Jason returns to Michelle. She shows him her opened asshole. Jason fucks Michelle's asshole in different positions.
	Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside". Now Jason notices smoke coming out of Kira's room.
	Michelle goes into Kira's room to prevent the worst from happening. Michelle tells Jason that Kira forgot to turn off the iron and nearly burned down the house.
 728. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor. She is crying. Click on "Approach her".
	She tells him that she forgot to turn off the iron and burned her dress. Kira also tells Jason that she has spent all her savings on that dress.
	Jason reminds her that the pharmacy shop is still looking for a new employee. Kira leaves for the pharmacy shop to get the job. Kira's score increases by 10.
 729. Go to the pharmacy shop between 17:00 and 19:00 and click on "Go in". Jason meets Kira working there from now on. Jason can also buy items from her.
 730. The next day go to the pharmacy shop until 16:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and "Talk about your deal about employee".
	Kelly tells Jason that Kira is a great helper and quick learner. Jason reminds Kelly on their deal about him having some fun in her dungeon.
	Kelly tells Jason that the next time he shows up in her secret room, he will have his fun.
 731. Go to the pharmacy shop at 20:00 and click on "Go in". Jason goes to the BDSM dungeon. Kelly tells him that Yuki must not know he is here.
	Kelly lets Jason fuck Yuki's pussy as a punishment for her. Kelly gets wet from watching Jason fucking Yuki's pussy.
	She takes him away from Yuki and let him fuck her pussy. As soon as Kelly wants Jason to lick her ass, Jason goes to Yuki and fucks her pussy.
	But Kelly takes him away from Yuki again and sticks his cock in her pussy. Kelly fucks him fast and Jason cums in her pussy.
 732. The next day go to the pharmacy shop at 20:00 and click on "Go in". Jason goes to the BDSM dungeon. Kelly tells him that Yuki must not know he is here.
	Kelly lets Jason fuck Yuki's pussy as a punishment for her. Kelly gets wet from watching Jason fucking Yuki's pussy.
	She takes him away from Yuki and let him fuck her pussy. As soon as Kelly wants Jason to lick her ass, click on "Lick Kelly's ass".
	Now Kelly asks Jason different things to do with her randomly. Click on the appropriate text to follow her instructions.
	On the fifth instruction, Kelly asks Jason to fuck her pussy. Jason fucks Kelly's pussy. As soon as he is close to cumming, Jason fucks Yuki's pussy and cums in her.
	Jason impregnated Yuki and her belly grows with each day. Kelly's score increases by 10.
 733. After 10 days, Jason wakes up at night and hears some noises. Go to the living room. Then go to the kitchen.
	Jason thinks it was a dream after all and goes back to his room. Kelly is waiting for Jason in his room and tells him angrily that he impregnated Yuki.
	Kelly also tells him that Yuki came up with the idea to keep the baby, so Kelly is no longer role-playing with her.
	Kelly forces Jason to find her someone to replace Yuki for the role-playing.
 734. Go to Rebecca's home between 17:00 and 19:00 and click on the front door. Rebecca asks Jason to come in. They sit down by the pool.
	Rebecca tells Jason that she kicked her husband out and wants Jason to lick her pussy. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Vaginal": Jason fucks Rebecca's pussy outside and inside the pool in different positions.
	   After Jason cums in Rebecca's pussy, his cum is dripping out of her pussy. Rebecca says that she cleaned the floor a couple of hours ago.
	   Jason takes the empty cocktail glass and let his cum drip out of Rebecca's pussy inside the glass. He gives Rebecca the glass and she drinks Jason's cum out of it.
	b) "Anal": Jason licks Rebecca's ass. Then he fucks Rebecca's ass outside and inside the pool in different positions.
	   After Jason cums in Rebecca's ass, his cum is dripping out of her ass. Rebecca says that she cleaned the floor a couple of hours ago.
	   Jason takes the empty cocktail glass and let his cum drip out of Rebecca's ass inside the glass. He gives Rebecca the glass and she drinks Jason's cum out of it.
 735. Go home and to Jason's room. Jason gets a message about new medium sized latex outfits. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser".
	Go to the "Fetish Outfits" store and buy the "Latex suit TheOrange" (Size M) for $250.
 736. Go to Rebecca's home between 17:00 and 19:00 and click on the front door. Rebecca asks Jason to come in. They sit down by the pool.
	Rebecca tells Jason that she kicked her husband out. Now click on "Give her the latex suit". Rebecca's score increases by 10.
	Rebecca goes into the house to put on the latex suit. Rebecca comes back and Jason tells her that the latex suit fits her perfectly.
	As she is coming closer, Jason notices that the latex suit is crotchless. He cannot hold it any longer and licks Rebecca's pussy. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Vaginal": Jason fucks Rebecca's pussy outside and inside the pool in different positions.
	   After Jason cums in Rebecca's pussy, his cum is dripping out of her pussy. Rebecca says that she cleaned the floor a couple of hours ago.
	   Jason takes the empty cocktail glass and let his cum drip out of Rebecca's pussy inside the glass. He gives Rebecca the glass and she drinks Jason's cum out of it.
	b) "Anal": Jason licks Rebecca's ass. Then he fucks Rebecca's ass outside and inside the pool in different positions.
	   After Jason cums in Rebecca's ass, his cum is dripping out of her ass. Rebecca says that she cleaned the floor a couple of hours ago.
	   Jason takes the empty cocktail glass and let his cum drip out of Rebecca's ass inside the glass. He gives Rebecca the glass and she drinks Jason's cum out of it.
	 Rebecca tells Jason that this was an amazing experience and she never imagined that a tight latex suit would feel so good.
	 Jason says that a friend of his enjoys latex a lot and has a special place for latex games. Jason invites Rebecca to pay her a visit.
	 Rebecca would like to give it a try.
 737. Go to the pharmacy shop at 20:00 and click on "Go in". Jason goes to the BDSM dungeon. Kelly, Rebecca and Kira are there.
	(When you repeat this step, click on "Keep watching".) They notice Jason. Rebecca and Kira grab Jason and they lock him in a cage.
	Now Kelly, Rebecca and Kira have a steamy threesome. The scene has 2 endings:
	a) Kelly, Rebecca and Kira masturbate and squirt on Jason. Kelly's score increases by 10 (up to 450).
	b) Make sure you have done the watersports in the bathroom with Janice (step 51 a b). Kelly, Rebecca and Kira pee on Jason. Kelly's score increases by 10 (up to 450).
	When you have done step 51 a b, there is a 50 % chance for each ending.
 738. The next day go to the pharmacy shop at 20:00 and click on "Go in". Jason goes to the BDSM dungeon. Kelly, Rebecca and Kira are there. Click on "Put on latex suit".
	Now choose the color of the latex suit. Jason surprises Kelly, Rebecca and Kira. Kelly gives Jason a blowjob. Now choose to fuck her pussy or ass.
	Then click on "Switch to Kira" or "Switch to Rebecca" and then choose between "Pussy" and "Anal". Now choose to switch to her pussy or ass.
	You can also switch to one of the other 2 girls. Click on "Cum" and Jason cums on Kelly's, Rebecca's and Kira's faces. Now Kelly gets handcuffed.
	Click on "Fuck her pussy" or "Fuck her ass" and finally click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside." Rebecca's and Kira's scores increase by 10 (up to 400).
 739. Repeat step 737 to increase Kelly's score up to 450 and step 738 to increase Rebecca's and Kira's scores up to 400.
 740. 20 days after Jason impregnated Yuki in Kelly's dungeon (step 732), go to the hospital and click on "Go inside". Now click on "Approach Kendra".
	Kendra replaced Yuki as the receptionist. She tells Jason that her work is going well. Now click on "Ask about Yuki".
	Kendra tells Jason that Yuki went on maternity leave and temporarily replaced her.
 741. Make sure Janice's bed is Jason's sleeping bed, her score is 490 or higher and you have done the steps 476 to 481.
	Also make sure Julia is not sleeping with them in Janice's bed. Go to sleep in Janice's bed. Click on "Wake her up" and "Offer to go to the park".
	Jason suggests to go to the park to have some fun at a public place. Janice tells him that she is going to put on her special lingerie.
	When Janice comes back wearing white lingerie, choose between "Release the hair" and "Tie the hair". Then click on "Let's go!" to go to the park with Janice.
 742. Janice and Jason are in the park and they start to have some naughty fun on the bench. After a while, the red hoodie guy appears. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Hide": Janice and Jason hide behind the bench while the red hoodie guy passes by. They continue having more naughty fun.
	   Finally, click on "Cum inside" to cum in Janice's pussy or "Cum outside" to cum on Janice's belly.
	b) Do not click on "Hide": The red hoodie guy catches Janice and Jason and punches Jason. As Jason wakes up, Janice is fucking the red hoodie guy.
	   Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Join them": Jason gets up and fucks Janice's ass while the red hoodie guy fucks Janice's pussy. The naughty threesome continues in different positions.
		   Then the red hoodie guy cums in Janice's mouth. After he leaves, Jason fucks Janice's ass and cums in her.
		b) "Don't interrupt them": Jason takes a rest. The red hoodie guy fucks Janice's pussy in different positions. Finally, he cums on Janice's face.
		   After the red hoodie guy leaves, Janice tells Jason that she had to do this to stop the red hoodie guy from threatening him.
 743. Repeat step 741. When Janice comes back wearing black lingerie, choose between "Release the hair" and "Tie the hair".
	Then click on "Let's go!" to go to the park with Janice. Now repeat step 742.
 744. Repeat step 741. When Janice comes back wearing white lingerie, choose between "Change to the black outfit" and "Change to the white outfit". Then click on "Perfect!".
	Now choose between "Release the hair" and "Tie the hair". Then click on "Let's go!" to go to the park with Janice. Now repeat step 742.
 745. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Daily clothes".
	From now on you can also choose "Short body lingerie" and "Black lingerie bodysuit" (within "Lingerie").
	For the "Short body lingerie" you can choose the colors for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone.
 746. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about outfits". Now click on "Daily outfits".
	From now on you can also choose "Lingerie White". Now choose the colors for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone.
	Click on "Done". Then click on "Wear it" to let Julia wear the swimsuit on this day or "Wear it as daily as well" to let her wear the swimsuit all the time at home.