0.38  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:490  Kira:400  Kendra:280  Michelle:245
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 747. Go to the hospital and click on "Go inside". Now click on "Approach Kendra" and "Ask for permission to archives".
	Jason asks Kendra if she can let him into the archives. She tells Jason that this is strictly prohibited and she would lose her job for such a violation.
 748. On Saturday between 13:00 and 15:00 go to the beach. Click on "Approach Kendra". She tells Jason that she feels so stressed and tired lately.
	Jason offers her a foot massage. Kendra agrees and Jason gives her the foot massage.
 749. Make sure Kendra's score is 100 or higher. On Sunday between 13:00 and 15:00 go to the beach again. Click on "Approach Kendra".
	She tells Jason that she feels so stressed and tired lately. Jason offers her a foot massage. Kendra agrees and Jason gives her the foot massage.
	Now click on "Massage legs". Kendra asks Jason to rub her legs too. Jason massages her legs and thighs. Now click on "Leave".
 750. Go to the park at 17:00 or later. Wait for Kendra looking at her broken shoe and approach her.
	Jason takes a look and tells Kendra that the heel itself is fully intact. Then Jason tells Kendra that he can repair the shoe with the help of some "Super Glue".
 751. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Ask about the glue". Jason asks Billy if he has the "Super Glue".
	Billy tells him that he has plenty of it and wants Jason to do something for him for giving him the glue. Billy wants his Twistnite game CD back.
	Rachel took it away from him because of bad grades. So, he wants Jason to get the CD back. Billy tells him that Rachel keeps the CD in her bedroom.
 752. Now there are 2 ways to get into Rachel's bedroom and get the CD for Billy:
	a) (Billy): Go back to the school and approach Billy. Click on "Swap moms for a day". Now Jason enters Billy's home and surprises Rachel.
	   Click on "Be gentle" or "Be rough". Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and cums in her. Now Rachel makes Jason a sandwich. Then click on "Take a bath together".
	   They go to the bathroom. Jason licks and fucks Rachel's ass and cums in her. Then they go to the bedroom. Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and finally cums in her.
	   After Rachel falls asleep, click on "Search the room". Now click on the books on the left side of the table. Jason gets "The Twistnite" game CD.
	b) Go to Billy's home between 20:00 and 22:00. There is a 50 % chance to get the scene where Rachel's husband is leaving with his car.
	   Now click on "Sneak into the house". Jason gets a phone call from Janice. Janice wants Jason to come home. Go home and to the bedroom at 22:00.
	   Click on "Wait for Janice". Jason fucks Janice's ass and cums in her. Janice leaves the bedroom to take a shower. Now click on "Add sleeping pills".
	   Janice returns to the bedroom and Jason offers her a glass of water. Janice drinks the water and falls asleep.
	   Go to Billy's home and click on "Sneak into the house". Jason surprises Rachel in her bedroom. Now click on "Stay".
	   Jason fucks Rachel's pussy in different positions. Suddenly, Billy comes home and asks Rachel for something to eat.
	   Rachel goes to the bedroom door and asks him to fix himself a sandwich. Jason cannot wait any longer and fucks Rachel at the bedroom door.
	   They return to the bed and continue to fuck. Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside". After Rachel falls asleep, click on "Search the room".
	   Now click on the books on the left side of the table. Jason gets "The Twistnite" game CD.
 753. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Give him The Twistnite CD". Jason gives Billy the CD and Billy gives Jason "The SuperGlue".
 754. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on "Fix Kendra's shoe". Now Jason repairs Kendra's shoe.
 755. Go to the hospital and click on "Go inside". Now click on "Approach Kendra" and "Give her the fixed shoe". Jason gives Kendra the fixed shoe.
	Kendra is very happy because the shoe looks like it never broke.
 756. On weekends between 13:00 and 15:00 go to the beach. Click on "Approach Kendra". She tells Jason that she feels so stressed and tired lately. 
	Jason offers her a foot massage. Kendra agrees and Jason gives her the foot massage. Now click on "Massage legs". Kendra asks Jason to rub her legs too.
	Jason massages her legs and thighs. Now click on "Touch her butt". Jason touches Kendra's butt and then he puts his face in her ass crack.
	Kendra stops him because she does not feel comfortable at a public place. Kendra invites Jason to come to Emma's house this night.
 757. Go to Emma's house at 20:00 or later. Click on "Knock on the door". Kendra opens the door wearing her new lingerie. Kendra and Jason go to the bedroom.
	Jason fucks Kendra in different positions and cums in her pussy. Now Jason asks Kendra about the archives again. She still disagrees to let him into the archives.
 758. Go to Emma's house at 20:00 or later. Click on "Sneak to backyard" and "Use the duplicate key". Jason goes to Emma's bedroom.
	Emma wakes up and is surprised to see Jason. She asks him to stay because it is almost midnight and it is pretty dangerous on the streets at this hour.
	Jason lays down with Emma. Then she rubs Jason's cock. After Emma gives Jason a blowjob, you have 2 options:
	a) "Change color": Choose between different colors for Emma's underwear. Click on "Choose another" to choose another color for Emma's underwear.
	   Click on "Keep this one" to keep the chosen color for Emma's underwear.
	b) "Continue": Continue the scene without choosing another color for Emma's underwear.
	Now choose between "Only Panties" to let Emma remove her panties or "Everything" to let Emma remove her underwear completely.
	Then they start having sex in different positions. Suddenly, Kendra appears and catches Jason and Emma having sex. She feels betrayed and wants to leave the bedroom.
	But Jason stops Kendra and tells her that Emma wants to teach her some tricks. They go to the bed and Emma starts giving Jason a blowjob.
	Now Emma, Kendra and Jason have a steamy threesome. During the threesome choose to continue with Emma or Kendra.
	As long as you choose to continue with Kendra, the threesome repeats. When you choose to continue with Emma, Jason fucks her in different positions.
	Now he puts some lube on his cock and fucks Kendra's ass in different positions. Then choose to cum or to fuck Emma's or Kendra's pussy or ass.
	When you choose to cum, click on "Cum on their asses" or "Cum on their faces". Jason cums on Emma's and Kendra's asses or faces.
	Then he asks Emma about finding the right information in the hospital's archive. She tells him that it would be a matter of seconds.
	Finally, Emma convinces Kendra to give Jason the chance to enter the hospital's archive.
 759. Go to Emma's house at 20:00 or 22:00. Click on "Sneak to backyard" and "Use the duplicate key". Jason goes to Emma's bedroom.
	Emma wakes up and is surprised to see Jason. She asks him to stay because it is almost midnight and it is pretty dangerous on the streets at this hour.
	Jason lays down with Emma. Then she rubs Jason's cock. After Emma gives Jason a blowjob, you have 2 options:
	a) "Change color": Choose between different colors for Emma's underwear. Click on "Choose another" to choose another color for Emma's underwear.
	   Click on "Keep this one" to keep the chosen color for Emma's underwear.
	b) "Continue": Continue the scene without choosing another color for Emma's underwear.
	Now choose between "Only Panties" to let Emma remove her panties or "Everything" to let Emma remove her underwear completely.
	Then they start having sex in different positions. Suddenly, Kendra appears and asks them if there is room for one more. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Sure, come in": Jason invites Kendra to have a threesome with Emma. They go to the bed and Emma starts giving Jason a blowjob.
	   Now Emma, Kendra and Jason have a steamy threesome. During the threesome choose to cum or to continue with Emma or Kendra.
	   As long as you choose to continue with Kendra, the threesome repeats. When you choose to continue with Emma, Jason fucks her in different positions.
	   Then choose to fuck Emma's and Kendra's pussy and ass or to cum. When you choose to cum, click on "Cum on their asses" or "Cum on their faces".
	   Jason cums on Emma's and Kendra's asses or faces.
	b) "No, we're good": Jason tells Kendra that they would like to spend a night alone this time. Kendra leaves the bedroom. Emma and Jason continue having sex.
	   Now you can alternately choose to fuck Emma's ass or vagina. Finally, choose to cum inside or outside her.
 760. Go to Emma's house at 21:00. Click on "Sneak to backyard" and "Use the duplicate key". Jason goes to Emma's bedroom. Emma and Kendra are having some fun with dildos.
	Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Keep watching": Jason watches Emma and Kendra having more fun with the dildos as they fuck each other with them.
	b) "Step in": Jason comes closer and asks Emma and Kendra if he is interrupting them. Now Kendra takes Jason and throws him on the bed to start the threesome.
	   Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Ask her to use the double dildo": Emma and Jason fuck each other in their asses with the double dildo.
		b) "Don't ask": Emma and Kendra fuck each other in their asses with the double dildo.
	   Now Emma, Kendra and Jason have a steamy threesome. At the end of the threesome Kendra is exhausted and takes a rest. Now choose to fuck Emma's vagina or ass.
	   The next morning, Kendra wakes Emma and Jason up.
 761. Go to Emma's house at 21:00. Click on "Sneak to backyard" and "Use the duplicate key". Jason goes to Emma's bedroom. Emma and Kendra are having some fun with dildos.
	Now you have 3 options:
	a) "Keep watching": Jason watches Emma and Kendra having more fun with the dildos as the fuck each other with them.
	b) "Step in" and "Be polite (Get dominated)": This choice repeats step 760 b.
	c) "Step in" and "Be aggressive (dominate them)": Jason dominates Emma and Kendra. Then choose to continue with one of them.
	   Now choose "Vaginal" or "Anal" to fuck her pussy or ass. Then choose to cum or to fuck Emma's or Kendra's pussy or ass.
	   When you click on "Cum" while fucking Emma, Jason cums in her and she passes out. Then choose to fuck Kendra's pussy or ass.
	   Kendra's score increases by 10 (up to 280). The next morning, Emma wakes Kendra and Jason up.
	   When you click on "Cum" while fucking Kendra, Jason cums in her. Kendra is exhausted and takes a rest.
	   Kendra also gets exhausted after fucking her for a while. Now choose to fuck Emma's vagina or ass. The next morning, Kendra wakes Emma and Jason up.
 762. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about outfits". Now click on "Daily outfits".
	From now on you can also choose "Underwear with stockings".
 763. (Billy): Make sure you have done step 675. after school, approach Billy. Click on "Swap moms for a day". Now Jason enters Billy's home and surprises Rachel.
	Click on "Be gentle" or "Be rough". Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and cums in her. Now Rachel makes Jason a sandwich. Then click on "Go home alone".
	Jason goes home and surprises Janice and Billy having sex. Then they have a steamy threesome. While Billy is fucking Janice's ass, he cums prematurely in her.
	Billy falls asleep and Jason continues to fuck Janice's pussy. Finally, Jason cums in Janice's pussy.