0.39  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:490  Kira:400  Kendra:280  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 764. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Go to the "Fetish Outfits" store. Jason finds out that the superhero costumes are sold out.
 765. Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the superhero costume".
	Adrianna goes in the studio and comes back with 2 superhero costumes, a male one and a female one. Then she asks Jason to make a naughty video.
 766. Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Give her Super hero outfit". Julia is very grateful.
	Jason asks Julia if she can take him to the party. She tells him that he also needs a costume. Jason tells Julia that he already has a costume.
 767. Jason and Julia go to Michelle's house. Kira is not yet at home. Michelle opens the door and they go into Kira's room.
	Kira calls Michelle on the phone and tells her that there was an accident on the road. The road will be closed until the morning, so she cannot come home to the party.
	Michelle has an idea. She leaves Kira's room and comes back wearing a superhero costume. They have some drinks as the party goes on. Then Julia goes to the restroom.
	Jason and Michelle start to kiss each other and they go into the bed. Julia comes back and they start to have fun together.
	Now click on "Pants only", "Costume partly" or "Whole costume" to take off Jason's costume completely or parts of it.
	Now Jason rubs his cock between Julia and Michelle. Then you have different options:
	a) "Panties", "Costume partly" or "Everything": Take off Julia's and Michelle's costumes completely or parts of them. They continue with the threesome.
	   Click on "Continue" to go on with the naughty threesome. Finally, click on "Cum inside" to cum in Julia's pussy or "Cum inside Elen" to cum in Michelle's pussy.
 	b) "Nothing, keep everything": Julia and Michelle leave their costumes on. They continue with the threesome. Then click on "Continue".
	   Now click on "Panties", "Costume partly" or "Everything" to take off Julia's and Michelle's costumes completely or parts of them. They continue with the threesome.
	   Finally, click on "Cum inside" to cum in Julia's pussy or "Cum inside Elen" to cum in Michelle's pussy.
	Michelle's score increases by 10. Jason comes up with idea to hide the spy camera in Kira's room.
 768. Make sure you have the spy camera. Go home and to Jason's room. Every 3 to 7 days Jason gets a message from Michelle when he is in his room.
	Keep going to Jason's room until you get a message from Michelle where she tells him that Steve will be out of town tonight and she might feel very lonely.
 769. Go to Michelle's house at 20:00 or later and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting naked in the pool and plays with her tits and pussy.
	Jason masturbates while Michelle rubs her pussy. Michelle notices Jason and wants him to come to her. Michelle gives Jason a blowjob and let him fuck her tits.
	Now choose between "Vaginal" and "Anal" to fuck Michelle's pussy or ass. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 770. Now click on "Look for Kira's room". Jason enters Kira's room. Click on "Hide the spycam". Jason hides the spy camera and returns to Michelle.
	She shows him her opened asshole. Jason fucks Michelle's asshole in different positions. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 771. Go home and to Jason's room. Every 3 to 7 days Jason gets a message from Michelle when he is in his room.
	Keep going to Jason's room until you get a message from Michelle where she tells him that Steve will be out of town tonight and she might feel very lonely.
 772. Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Offer to go to costume party".
 773. Jason and Julia go to Michelle's house. Michelle opens the door and they go into Kira's room to start the costume party. They have some drinks as the party goes on.
	Then Julia goes to the restroom. Jason and Michelle start to kiss each other and they go into the bed. Julia comes back and they start to have fun together.
	Now click on "Pants only" or "Costume partly" or "Whole costume" to take off Jason's costume completely or parts of it.
	Now Jason rubs his cock between Julia and Michelle. Then you have different options:
	a) "Panties", "Costume partly" or "Everything": Take off Julia's and Michelle's costumes completely or parts of them. They continue with the threesome.
	   Click on "Continue" to go on with the naughty threesome. Finally, click on "Cum inside" to cum in Julia's pussy or "Cum inside Elen" to cum in Michelle's pussy.
 	b) "Nothing, keep everything": Julia and Michelle leave their costumes on. They continue with the threesome. Then click on "Continue".
	   Now click on "Panties", "Costume partly" or "Everything" to take off Julia's and Michelle's costumes completely or parts of them. They continue with the threesome.
	   Finally, click on "Cum inside" to cum in Julia's pussy or "Cum inside Elen" to cum in Michelle's pussy.
	At the end of the scene Jason takes the USB stick to get the footage.
 774. Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Give her the footage from Kira's room".
 775. Go home and to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Adrianna. The tells him that this video was far beyond any expectations.
	She also tells him that her boss is willing to pay even more if he could shoot one more video with anal action. Jason receives $500.
 776. Make sure the spy camera is still in Kira's room. Repeat the steps 771 and 772.
 777. Jason and Julia go to Michelle's house. Michelle opens the door and they go into Kira's room to start the costume party. They have some drinks as the party goes on.
	Then Julia goes to the restroom. Jason and Michelle start to kiss each other and they go into the bed. Julia comes back and they start to have fun together.
	Now click on "Pants only" or "Costume partly" or "Whole costume" to take off Jason's costume completely or parts of it.
	Now Jason rubs his cock between Julia and Michelle. Then you have different options:
	a) "Panties", "Costume partly" or "Everything": Take off Julia's and Michelle's costumes completely or parts of them. They continue with the threesome.
	   Then click on "Ask her to turn around (Anal)". Then Jason fucks Michelle's ass in different positions.
	   Now click on "Fuck Jiolet" to fuck Julia's ass in different positions. Click on "Continue" and Jason fucks Michelle's mouth.
	   Now choose to fuck Jiolet's (Julia's) or Elen's (Michelle's) pussy or ass. Finally, click on "Cum".
 	b) "Nothing, keep everything": Julia and Michelle leave their costumes on. They continue with the threesome. Then click on "Ask her to turn around (Anal)".
	   Now click on "Panties", "Costume partly" or "Everything" to take off Julia's and Michelle's costumes completely or parts of them. They continue with the threesome.
	   Then Jason fucks Michelle's ass in different positions. Now click on "Fuck Jiolet" to fuck Julia's ass in different positions.
	   Click on "Continue" and Jason fucks Michelle's mouth. Now choose to fuck Jiolet's (Julia's) or Elen's (Michelle's) pussy or ass.
	   Click on "Continue" to have the choice of fucking Jiolet's (Julia's) or Elen's (Michelle's) pussy or ass again. Finally, click on "Cum".
	Michelle's score increases by 10 (up to 325). The first time you play this scene, Jason takes the USB stick to get the footage.
 778. Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Give her the footage from Kira's room".
 779. Go home and to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Adrianna. The tells him that her boss is so impressed that she is going to pay him twice as much.
	Jason receives $1000.
 780. To get the spy camera back, repeat the steps 724 and 725. Now click on "Look for Kira's room". Jason enters Kira's room. Click on "Pick up spycam".
	Jason takes the spy camera and returns to Michelle. She shows him her opened asshole. Jason fucks Michelle's asshole in different positions.
	Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 781. Go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Ask for the help".
	Jason tells her that he took care of the receptionist problem by convincing her to let Michelle in for a couple of minutes. Jason and Michelle go to the hospital.
	Jason introduces Michelle to Kendra. Kendra tells Michelle that she can quickly go to the archives. 5 minutes later Michelle comes back with the documents.
	She gives the documents to Jason. He is happy to finally have the answer in his hands.
 782. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on "Inspect the documents from hospital". The woman on the photo inside the documents looks familiar to Jason.
	The woman seems to be Janice.
 783. Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Show her the folder from hospital".
	Jason shows Janice the photo inside the documents. She denies that she is the woman on the photo and asks Jason to go away.
 784. Wake up at night and go to the pool at 3:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Janice in the tub by the pool having a glass of orange juice.
	Click on "Approach her" and "Chat". Janice tells Jason that she is awake because of some stupid thoughts. Janice does not want to talk about this and goes back to bed.
 785. Make sure Michelle's score is 190 or higher. Go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Ask about cocktail with alcohol".
	Jason asks Michelle if she knows which strong drink goes well with orange juice. She tells him that vodka would be the best choice.
	Jason asks Michelle if she has some vodka. She goes back into the house looking for vodka. Then she comes back with a bottle of vodka and gives the bottle to Jason.
 786. Wake up at night and go to the pool at 3:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Janice in the tub by the pool having a glass of orange juice.
	Click on "Approach her" and "Offer to improve the drink". Jason tells Janice that he might know how to brighten her mood. Jason shows Janice the bottle of vodka.
	He wants to pour a couple of drops in her orange juice for a better taste. Janice agrees and tells Jason that she will not get drunk from a couple of drops.
	Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Pour just a little": Jason pours some vodka in Janice's orange juice. She drinks the whole glass. Now Jason asks her what is on her mind.
	   She tells Jason that she worries about him because soon he will finish the school and leave her. Jason promises Janice to never leave her.
	   He tells her that she is the hottest woman he knows. They start to have fun together. When Julia's score is 400 or higher, she appears at the pool.
	   Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Ask her to join": Jason asks Julia to join them. Janice, Julia and Jason have a steamy threesome. During the scene you have different options.
		   You can choose to fuck Julia and Janice repeatedly and cum in Janice's or Julia's pussy or ass. There is also the possibility to play a watersports scene.
		   Make sure you have done the watersports in the bathroom with Janice (step 51 a b). Click on "Fuck Julia". Jason fucks Julia in different positions.
		   Then Janice needs to go to the restroom. Now click on "Ask her if she is coming back" to avoid the watersports scene.
		   Click on "Ask her to pee here" to start the watersports scene. Janice pees on Julia and Jason while they fuck each other.
		   When Janice gets out of the pool Jason stops her and sticks his cock in her asshole. Now Jason pees in Janice's asshole.
		   Then Janice and Jason go back to the pool and Janice squirts Jason's pee out of her asshole on Julia's face. Janice licks Jason's pee off Julia's face.
		   Finally, Jason cums on Janice's and Julia's faces.
		b) "Tell her to go away": Julia goes back to bed. Then Janice and Jason continue to have fun together. Now choose to fuck her pussy or ass.
		   Then you can switch to fuck her pussy and ass repeatedly. Finally, click on "Cum" to cum in Janice.
	b) "Fill the glass full": Jason fills Janice's glass full of vodka. Jason tells her that it will taste better. She drinks the whole glass.
	   Now Jason asks her what is on her mind. She tells Jason that she worries about him because soon he will finish the school and leave her.
	   Jason promises Janice to never leave her. He tells her that she is the hottest woman he knows. They start to have fun together.
	   When Julia's score is 400 or higher, she appears at the pool. Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Ask her to join": Jason asks Julia to join them. Janice, Julia and Jason have a steamy threesome. During the scene you have different options.
		   You can choose to fuck Julia and Janice repeatedly and cum in Janice's or Julia's pussy or ass. There is the possibility to play a watersports scene.
		   Make sure you have done the watersports in the bathroom with Janice (step 51 a b). Click on "Fuck Julia". Jason fucks Julia in different positions.
		   Then Janice needs to go to the restroom. Now click on "Ask her if she coming back" to avoid the watersports scene.
		   Click on "Ask her to pee here" to start the watersports scene. Janice pees on Julia and Jason while they fuck each other.
		   When Janice gets out of the pool Jason stops her and sticks his cock in her asshole. Now Jason pees in Janice's asshole.
		   Then Janice and Jason go back to the pool and Janice squirts Jason's pee out of her asshole on Julia's face. Janice licks Jason's pee off Julia's face.
		   Finally, Jason cums on Janice's and Julia's faces.
		b) "Tell her to go away": (It is absolutely necessary to choose this to continue the main story line.) Julia goes back to bed.
		   Then Janice and Jason continue to have fun together. Now choose to fuck her pussy or ass. Then you can switch to fuck her pussy and ass repeatedly.
		   Finally, click on "Cum" to cum in Janice. Later that night Jason fucks Janice in her bed and cums in her pussy.
		   Then Jason asks Janice why her picture is in that file, if she has not given birth to him.
		   Janice tells Jason the story how she found him left at the beach on the pier as a baby. Jason thinks that the story does not sound very convincing.