0.40  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:490  Kira:400  Kendra:280  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 787. Go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Talk about Janice's story".
	Jason asks Danielle about the party a long time ago where she and Janice were having a quarrel.
	Danielle starts to talk about the hot summer night where she and Janice went to a pool party. Now click on "Use imagination".
	Jason imagines how hot Janice and Danielle looked in the past and how they had sex together. Then Danielle interrupts Jason's imagination.
	Now Jason asks her about the reason for the quarrel. Danielle tells him that she caught Janice fucking her boyfriend and 3 other guys.
	Now click on "Use imagination" again. Jason imagines how the 4 dudes drilled every hole of Janice. Danielle interrupts Jason's imagination again.
	Now Jason asks her what happened next. Danielle tells him that Janice drove with one of the guys to his villa outside town.
	Now Jason knows that the story Janice told him earlier (step 786 b b) was a complete fake.
 788. From now on, when Jason goes to sleep, there are 2 new dream scenes:
	a) Click on "Dreams" and "Dream about young Danielle and Janice": Jason dreams about young Danielle and Janice.
	   Choose between "Janice's pussy", "Janice's ass", "Danielle's pussy" and "Danielle's ass" to fuck them.
	   After the fourth choice the scene ends with Jason cumming while they rub his cock between their pussies.
	b) Click on "Dreams" and "Dream about Janice and 4 guys": Jason dreams about the 4 dudes drilling every hole of Janice.
 789. Go home and to Jason's room. He is puzzled what to do now and has no idea to make Janice tell him the truth. Jason says that he should go for a walk to clear his head.
 790. Go to the park. Jason sits on the bench thinking about what to do. Suddenly, Kendra comes by and Jason tells her that his investigation has stuck.
	Jason also tells her that Janice faked the whole thing, the story Janice told him is not true either and he does not even know if Janice is his real mother.
	Kendra comes up with the idea of doing a DNA test. She tells Jason that he could try to ask Emma because she worked for a long time at the hospital.
 791. Go to Emma's house until 19:00 and knock on the door. Click on "Ask about DNA test". Jason tells Emma that he wants to compare his DNA with Janice's.
	He asks Emma where he could do the test. Emma tells him that Kelly used to work in a lab before and Jason should try to talk to her.
 792. Go to the pharmacy shop until 16:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Ask about DNA test".
	Jason tells Kelly that Emma told him she can help him to do a DNA test. Kelly tells Jason that she can do the test.
	The cost will be $20000, but Kelly offers Jason a much cheaper way to do the DNA test. Kelly wants to have some private time with Janice.
	Kelly tells Jason that Emma told her about the training sessions with Janice, her huge amazing tits and her perfect mature body.
	She asks Jason to arrange some private time with Janice, then the cost will be only $1000.
 793. Go to Emma's house until 19:00 and knock on the door. Click on "Talk about Kelly". Jason asks Emma why she told Kelly about the training sessions with Janice.
	She says that they were drinking cocktails and having a good time, so the words accidentally slipped out of her mouth.
	Jason tells Emma that Kelly also wants to fuck Janice and he has to arrange this. Now Emma has an idea. Her birthday is coming up.
	She will invite Kelly and Janice to her house, so they can have some private time. Emma will call Janice to invite her over.
	Jason will go to Kelly to tell her about the plan.
 794. Go to the pharmacy shop until 16:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Tell her about Emma's idea".
	Jason tells Kelly that Emma's birthday is coming soon and she is going to celebrate it with her and Janice, so she has her chance for some private time with Janice.
	Kelly says that she will take care of the rest.
 795. Go home and to the living room. Janice is getting ready to go to Emma's birthday party. Now choose between 5 different hair styles for Janice.
	Click on "Choose another one" to choose another hair style for Janice or click on "Keep this one" to keep the chosen hair style and to go to Emma's living room.
 796. Later that evening Janice, Jason and Emma are in Emma's living room drinking coffee. Moments later Kelly arrives and introduces herself to Janice.
	Kelly compliments Janice on her great looks. Kelly brought along a bottle of liqueur and pours some of it in Janice's and her coffee. They drink the spiced-up coffee.
	Now Emma asks Jason to help her in the kitchen. As they return to the living room, Janice and Kelly are not there anymore. Emma thinks she knows where they might be.
	Emma and Jason go to the bedroom. They find Janice and Kelly laying in Emma's bed kissing each other. Janice invites Emma and Jason to join her and Kelly.
	They start having a steamy foursome. Then Kendra surprises them and joins the foursome. Suddenly, Janice starts to suck on Kendra's fake cock.
	Jason asks Kelly what she gave Janice because she is not acting like herself. Kelly tells Jason that she put 10 or 11 pills of Vitamine X into the liqueur bottle.
	Emma tells Jason to relax and enjoy the evening. Now the orgy starts and during this you can choose to fuck Kelly's and Emma's pussies or asses.
	Then Jason fucks Kendra's ass and pussy as the orgy continues. Now choose to fuck Janice's pussy or ass.
	Then Kelly whispers to Jason to make sure to cum in Janice's pussy to help her with the DNA test. Finally, Jason cums in Janice's pussy.
	Kelly eats the cum out of Janice's pussy and secretly pours it into a receptacle as she walks out of Emma's bedroom.
	Janice tells Emma that this was the best end of day she ever had and they should gather like this more often.
 797. Go to the pharmacy shop until 16:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Ask her about evening at Emma's house".
	Now Jason asks Kelly why she left Emma's bedroom without explaining him anything.
	Kelly tells Jason that there was DNA from him and Janice when he came inside Janice's pussy.
	That way, she could take samples needed for the DNA test, without Janice becoming suspicious. Kelly also tells Jason that he can expect the results in one week.
 798. To repeat the orgy in Emma bedroom (step 796), go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Repeat the Emma's birthday orgy".
	Janice is getting ready to go to Emma's birthday party. Now choose between 5 different hair styles for Janice.
	Click on "Choose another one" to choose another hair style for Janice or click on "Keep this one" to keep the chosen hair style and to go to Emma's living room.
 799. Later that evening Janice, Jason and Emma are in Emma's living room drinking coffee. Moments later Kelly arrives and tells Janice that it is nice to see her again.
	Janice asks Kelly if she has brought that delicious liqueur. Kelly tells her that she has because she knows how much Janice likes it.
	Kelly pours some of it in Janice's and her coffee. They drink the spiced-up coffee. Now Jason suggests to move the little party to the bedroom.
	Now choose between "Latex leggings and gloves", "Latex suit", "Lingerie" or "Nude" to start the foursome. Then Kendra surprises them and joins the foursome.
	Suddenly, Janice starts to suck on Kendra's fake cock. Jason asks Kelly what she gave Janice because she is not acting like herself.
	Kelly tells Jason that she put 10 or 11 pills of Vitamine X into the liqueur bottle. Emma tells Jason to relax and enjoy the evening.
	Now the orgy starts and during this you can choose to fuck Kelly's and Emma's pussies or asses. Then Jason fucks Kendra's ass and pussy as the orgy continues.
	Now choose to fuck Janice's pussy or ass. The scene ends with Jason cumming on Kelly's and Kendra's faces and then on Janice's and Emma's faces.
	Janice tells Emma that this was the best end of day she ever had and they should gather like this more often.
 800. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Daily clothes".
	From now on you can also choose "Lace corset" and "Stockings with garter belt" (within "Lingerie").
	You can also choose "Latex stockings and gloves" and "Latex suit Cutout" (within "Latex outfits").
 801. At least 7 days later go to the pharmacy shop until 16:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Ask her about DNA test".
	Jason is excited to receive the results. Click on "Pay $1000" to receive the DNA results from Kelly.
 802. (Spoiler): Go home and to Jason's room. Jason reads the document about the DNA result. It says that Janice and Jason are not relatives.
	Jason asks himself why Janice is not telling the truth. Jason says that he has to face Janice with the facts and has to force her to tell him the truth.
 803. (Spoiler): Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "force her to tell the truth".
	Jason tells Janice that Danielle told him what happened that night and it was completely different from what she told him.
	He also tells Janice that he has DNA test results. Jason shows Janice the DNA results and tells her that she clearly is not related to him.
	Now Janice tells Jason the whole true story. After the party, Janice did not go to the beach. She got caught by Danielle having sex with 4 guys.
	Danielle got furious because one of the guys was her boyfriend so Janice had to leave.
	One of the guys offered Janice to go to his villa outside town and continue partying there. She agreed without thinking.
	After the sex, Janice realized what she did, so she ran away from that villa. Janice just walked and cried. She did not know where she was.
	Suddenly, Janice noticed a gas station in the distance. There she saw a cab and she thought that this is her way home.
	As she ran towards the cab, approaching the gas station, Janice saw a car with a woman and her baby. The woman tried to calm down her baby.
	The baby cried louder and louder, the woman was angry and she shouted at and cursed the baby. Janice thought that she would be a much better mother to him.
	The woman left the baby on the back seat of the car and went to the store inside the gas station. The baby was still crying.
	But as Janice came closer to the car, the baby stopped crying and smiled at her. Janice thought of this as a sign that this baby is meant to be with her.
	She grabbed the baby and ran to the cab. During the whole ride home the baby was calm, smiling and laughing. Janice felt like the baby was her own.
	Jason asks how his real mother looked like. Janice tells him that it was dark, but she could see that she had a nice curvy body.
	Now Jason asks if Janice remembers details like what kind of hair and face she had. Janice tells him that she had dark long hair.
	She also tells him that she was wearing glasses and had a pretty face. Jason imagines how his real mother looked like.
	He asks Janice why she has not told him this earlier. She tells Jason that she abducted the baby and this is a very serious crime, so she was scared. 
	She was afraid that Jason would consider her a criminal and hate her. Janice starts to cry and goes into the bedroom. Jason follows her.
 804. (Spoiler): Janice and Jason sit on the bed. She tells Jason that she knows what a terrible person she is.
	Jason tells her that this is not true and he does not hate her. He says that she had done the right thing because his real mother was clearly terrible.
	Jason tells Janice that he loves her even more, now that he knows that she saved him from that monster and gave him the best life he could ever ask for.
	Janice and Jason kiss each other passionately and she tells him that he definitely knows how to turn her on.
	Janice tells Jason that she is so happy that she does not have to hide anything from him anymore as Jason sucks on her nipple.
	He says to Janice that even though they are not related, she has been better than any other mother in the world. Then Jason licks Janice's pussy.
	After Janice strokes Jason's cock, she gives him a blowjob. Now Jason licks Janice's pussy and asshole. Then he sticks his tongue inside Janice's asshole.
	She tells Jason how good his tongue feels deep inside her asshole. Now Jason rubs his cock on Janice's pussy lips.
	Janice tells him that he can put it in anytime he wants and in any hole he wants. Now choose to fuck Janice's pussy or ass.
	After Jason fucked her pussy or ass, he cums in Janice and tells her that he is happy to finally know the truth and that there are no more secrets between them.
	Janice says that he must promise her to keep it a secret and no one must know what she did. Jason promises Janice to keep it a secret.
	Jason tells her that no one will take her away from him and that this will be their little secret.
 805. To repeat the sex scene in the bedroom with Janice (step 804), go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Have sex" and "in bedroom".