0.41  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:490  Kira:410  Kendra:280  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 806. After school go inside the school. Enter the classroom. When Jason finds Rebecca at her desk busy with papers, click on "Talk" and "Ask about homework".
	Rebecca helps Jason with his homework.
 807. Make sure you have done step 6. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and leaves the room.
 808. The next day after school go inside the school. Enter the classroom. When Jason finds Rebecca at her desk busy with papers, click on "Talk" and "Ask about homework".
	Rebecca helps Jason with his homework. She tells him that she has noticed that he showed more interest in math lately.
 809. Make sure you have done step 12 a. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Then Janice leaves Jason's room.
 810. The next day after school go inside the school. Enter the classroom. When Jason finds Rebecca at her desk busy with papers, click on "Talk" and "Ask about homework".
	Rebecca helps Jason with his homework by explaining him math at the chalkboard.
 811. Make sure you have done step 15 a. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Now click on "Drop the pen". Jason drops his pen and Janice picks it up. Jason looks at Janice's ass. Then Janice leaves Jason's room.
 812. The next day after school go inside the school. Enter the classroom. When Jason finds Rebecca at her desk busy with papers, click on "Talk" and "Ask about homework".
	Rebecca helps Jason with his homework by explaining him math at the chalkboard. She tells Jason that she is glad to have students like him showing interest in math.
 813. Make sure Janice's score is 50 or higher. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Now click on "Rest on her lap". Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap. After he wakes up, Janice leaves Jason's room.
 814. The next day after school go inside the school. Enter the classroom. When Jason finds Rebecca at her desk busy with papers, click on "Talk" and "Ask about homework".
	Rebecca helps Jason with his homework by explaining him math at the chalkboard. Now Jason does his homework all by himself.
	Rebecca tells him that now he should not have any problems with his homework.
 815. Make sure Janice's score is 60 or higher. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Now click on "Rest on her lap". Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap. She notices a bulge in Jason's pants. After he wakes up, Janice leaves Jason's room.
 816. Make sure you have done the steps 425 and 815. The next day after school, Kira approaches Jason and asks him for help with her homework.
	Jason says that they could figure out something. Kira gives Jason her homework and goes away.
 817. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the piece of paper on Jason's desk. Jason does Kira's homework.
 818. Make sure Janice's score is 80 or higher. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Now click on "Rest on her lap". Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap. She notices a bulge in Jason's pants and touches it.
	Jason wakes up and notices Janice's hand on his crotch. Jason tells her that he does not mind. Then Janice leaves Jason's room.
 819. Go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Give back her finished homework". Jason gives Kira her homework.
	He asks her if the next time they could do the homework together. Kira tells Jason that she has other things to do and thanks him for the help.
	Kira's score increases by 10.
 820. Make sure you have done step 13. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Now click on "Rest on her lap". Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap. She notices a bulge in Jason's pants and touches it.
	Jason wakes up and notices Janice's hand on his crotch. Jason pulls out his cock and tells Janice to feel it in her hand. Now Janice gives Jason a handjob.
	Jason cums all over Janice's face and tells her that he feels so much better now. Then Janice leaves Jason's room.
 821. The next day after school, Rebecca asks Jason why his grades are getting worse and worse. Jason tells Rebecca that he lost interest in math.
	Rebecca offers Jason her help to increase his motivation if he keeps working on his homework.
 822. Make sure you have done step 28. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Now click on "Rest on her lap". Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap. She notices a bulge in Jason's pants and touches it.
	Jason wakes up and notices Janice's hand on his crotch. Jason pulls out his cock and tells Janice to feel it in her hand. Now Janice gives Jason a handjob.
	Jason asks Janice to take off her top. Then he sucks on one of her breasts while Janice continues to give Jason a handjob.
	Jason cums and tells Janice that he feels so much better now. Then Janice leaves Jason's room.
 823. The next day after school, Rebecca tells Jason that she noticed he put a bit more effort in his homework this time.
	Then Rebecca asks Jason if he is ready for today's lesson. Rebecca takes off her jacket and blouse. Now she starts explaining Jason math at the chalkboard.
	After the lesson, she asks Jason what he thinks of today's lesson. He tells Rebecca that he feels much more motivated to work harder.
	Finally, Rebecca tells Jason to work on his homework and she will work on his motivation.
 824. Make sure Janice's score is 120 or higher. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Now click on "Rest on her lap". Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap. She notices a bulge in Jason's pants and touches it.
	Jason wakes up and notices Janice's hand on his crotch. Jason pulls out his cock and tells Janice to feel it in her hand. Now Janice gives Jason a handjob.
	Jason asks Janice to take off her top. Then he sucks on one of her breasts while Janice continues to give Jason a handjob.
	Now Jason asks Janice to use her mouth instead of her hand. Janice gives Jason a blowjob and he cums in her mouth. Then Janice leaves Jason's room.
 825. The next day after school, Rebecca tells Jason that she can definitely see the progress in his homework.
	Then Rebecca asks Jason if they shall begin their today's motivational lesson. Rebecca takes off her jacket and blouse.
	Now she starts explaining Jason math at the chalkboard. Then Rebecca takes off her skirt and continues the lesson.
	After the lesson, she asks Jason what he thinks of today's lesson. He tells Rebecca that it is even better than the last one.
	Finally, Rebecca kisses Jason and tells him to keep working on his homework.
 826. Go outside the school. Kira approaches Jason and asks him for help with her homework. Jason says that he is not going to do it for her.
	Kira tells him that she is so bad at math. Now Jason agrees to help Kira. They go to Jason's room and he helps Kira with her homework.
	Then Kira tells Jason that she hopes they could do homework together sometime again. Jason agrees and Kira leaves Jason's room.
 827. Make sure you have done step 41. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Now click on "Rest on her lap". Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap. She notices a bulge in Jason's pants and touches it.
	Jason wakes up and notices Janice's hand on his crotch. Jason pulls out his cock and tells Janice to feel it in her hand. Now Janice gives Jason a handjob.
	Jason asks Janice to take off her top. Then he sucks on one of her breasts while Janice continues to give Jason a handjob.
	Now Jason asks Janice to use her mouth instead of her hand. Janice gives Jason a blowjob. Then Jason asks Janice to take off her pants.
	Janice takes off her pants and Jason licks Janice's asshole. Then Janice climbs on top of Jason and gives him a handjob while he licks her pussy.
	Now Janice puts Jason's cock between her tits to fuck them. Then Janice gives Jason a blowjob while he licks her asshole and pussy.
	Now Jason sticks 2 fingers inside Janice's pussy. Then Jason rubs his cock on Janice's pussy and finally he cums on her pussy.
 828. The next day after school, Rebecca tells Jason that she can definitely see the progress in his homework.
	Then Rebecca asks Jason if they shall begin their today's motivational lesson. Rebecca takes off her jacket and blouse.
	Now she starts explaining Jason math at the chalkboard. Then Rebecca takes off her skirt and continues the lesson.
	After the lesson, she asks Jason what he thinks of today's lesson. He tells Rebecca that he liked it a lot.
	Then Rebecca rubs her feet on Jason's crotch and says that she can tell that he definitely liked the lesson.
 829. Go outside the school. Kira approaches Jason and asks him for help with her homework again. They go to Jason's room and he helps Kira with her homework.
	Meanwhile Jason caresses Kira's back. Then Kira tells Jason that she hopes they could do homework together sometime again. Jason agrees and Kira leaves Jason's room.
 830. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears. She is sorry for interrupting Jason.
	Janice sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously. Now click on "Rest on her lap".
	Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap. She notices a bulge in Jason's pants and touches it. Jason wakes up and notices Janice's hand on his crotch.
	Jason pulls out his cock and tells Janice to feel it in her hand. Now Janice gives Jason a handjob. Jason asks Janice to take off her top.
	Then he sucks on one of her breasts while Janice continues to give Jason a handjob. Now Jason asks Janice to use her mouth instead of her hand.
	Janice gives Jason a blowjob. Then Jason asks Janice to take off her pants. Janice takes off her pants and Jason licks Janice's asshole.
	Then Janice climbs on top of Jason and gives him a handjob while he licks her pussy. Now Janice puts Jason's cock between her tits to fuck them.
	Then Janice gives Jason a blowjob while he licks her asshole and pussy. Now Jason sticks 2 fingers inside Janice's pussy.
	Then he rubs his cock on Janice's pussy and sticks the tip of his cock inside her pussy. Janice asks Jason to pull his cock out of her pussy.
	Finally, Jason pulls his cock out of Janice's pussy and cums on her.
 831. The next day after school, Rebecca tells Jason that she can definitely see the progress in his homework.
	Then Rebecca asks Jason if they shall begin their today's motivational lesson. Rebecca takes off her jacket and blouse.
	Now she starts explaining Jason math at the chalkboard. Then Rebecca takes off her skirt and continues the lesson.
	After the lesson, she asks Jason what he thinks of today's lesson. He tells Rebecca that it was great as always, but is more curious about the last part of the lesson.
	Then Rebecca rubs her feet on Jason's crotch. She asks Jason to show her what is hidden down there. Jason pulls out his cock and Rebecca gives him a footjob.
	Finally, Jason cums.
 832. Make sure you have condoms and Janice's score is 300 or higher. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework.
	There is a chance that Janice appears. She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed.
	Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously. Now click on "Rest on her lap". Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap.
	She notices a bulge in Jason's pants and touches it. Jason wakes up and notices Janice's hand on his crotch.
	Jason pulls out his cock and tells Janice to feel it in her hand. Now Janice gives Jason a handjob. Jason asks Janice to take off her top.
	Then he sucks on one of her breasts while Janice continues to give Jason a handjob. Now Jason asks Janice to use her mouth instead of her hand.
	Janice gives Jason a blowjob. Then Jason asks Janice to take off her pants. Janice takes off her pants and Jason licks Janice's asshole.
	Then Janice climbs on top of Jason and gives him a handjob while he licks her pussy. Now Janice puts Jason's cock between her tits to fuck them.
	Then Janice gives Jason a blowjob while he licks her asshole and pussy. Now Jason sticks 2 fingers inside Janice's pussy. Then he rubs his cock on Janice's pussy.
	Now click on "Put on condom" or "Stick it in" and Jason fucks Janice's pussy with or without a condom. Finally, you have 2 options:
	a) "Cum inside": Jason cums in Janice's pussy.
	b) "Pull out": Jason cums on Janice's tits.
 833. The next day after school, Rebecca tells Jason that she can definitely see the progress in his homework.
	Then Rebecca asks Jason if they shall begin their today's motivational lesson. Rebecca takes off her jacket and blouse.
	Now she starts explaining Jason math at the chalkboard. Then Rebecca takes off her skirt and continues the lesson.
	Now she asks Jason to stand up and sits down on Jason's chair. Then she asks him to take off his clothes and to sit on her.
	Now Rebecca gives Jason a handjob and finally he cums on the desk.
 834. Go outside the school. Kira approaches Jason and asks him for help with her homework again. They go to Jason's room and he helps Kira with her homework.
	Meanwhile Jason caresses Kira's back. Then Kira kisses Jason's cheek and tells him that she hopes they could do homework together sometime again.
	Jason agrees and Kira leaves Jason's room.
 835. Repeat step 832.
 836. The next day after school, Rebecca tells Jason that she can definitely see the progress in his homework.
	Then Rebecca asks Jason if they shall begin their today's motivational lesson. Rebecca takes off her jacket and blouse.
	Now she starts explaining Jason math at the chalkboard. Then Rebecca takes off her skirt and continues the lesson.
	Now she asks Jason to stand up and take off his clothes. Then Rebecca asks Jason to sit down on the desk.
	Now Rebecca gives Jason a blowjob and finally he cums in her mouth.
 837. At least 3 days later after school, Kira approaches Jason and asks him for help with her homework. They go to Jason's room and he helps Kira with her homework.
	Meanwhile Jason caresses Kira's back. Now click on "Touch her butt" and Jason caresses Kira's ass.
	Then Kira kisses Jason's cheek and tells him that she hopes they could do homework together sometime again. Jason agrees and Kira leaves Jason's room.
 838. At least 3 days later after school, Kira approaches Jason and asks him for help with her homework. They go to Jason's room and he helps Kira with her homework.
	Meanwhile Jason caresses Kira's back. Now click on "Touch her pussy" and Jason caresses Kira's pussy. Now Kira asks Jason to give her a back massage.
	Jason gets behind Kira and gives her a neck rub. Then Kira tells Jason that she finished the last task and she hopes they could do homework together sometime again.
	Jason agrees and Kira leaves Jason's room.
 839. At least 3 days later after school, Kira approaches Jason and asks him for help with her homework. They go to Jason's room and he helps Kira with her homework.
	Meanwhile Jason caresses Kira's back. Now click on "Touch her pussy" and Jason caresses Kira's pussy. Now Kira asks Jason to give her a back massage.
	Jason gets behind Kira and gives her a neck rub. Then Kira rubs her ass on Jason's crotch and kisses him.
	Kira thanks Jason for his help and tells him that she finally can do her homework by herself.
 840. At least 5 days later go home and to Jason's room. (On weekends this happens automatically.) Janice and Kira come into Jason's room.
	Kira tells Janice that she was just passing by and thought they could do homework together. Janice leaves Jason's room. Jason and Kira lay on Jason's bed.
	He caresses Kira's ass and she tells him that she does not came to him for homework. Janice comes back and asks them if they would like some tea or coffee.
	Kira tells Janice that they just finished their homework and leaves. Now Janice asks Jason what the hell this was and who this little slut is.
	He tells her that Kira is just his classmate and that he was helping her with the homework. Janice does not believe Jason and leaves his room.
 841. Make sure Janice's score is 300 or higher. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. Now Janice appears looking like Kira.
	She asks Jason if he could help her with her homework. Janice sits down on Jason's bed asking him to teach this dummy schoolgirl math.
	They start to kiss each other and Jason gets naked showing Janice his hard cock. Now Janice gives Jason a blowjob.
	Then click on "Vaginal" and Jason fucks Janice's pussy in different positions. Jason cums in Janice's pussy and she asks him if he tried to fuck that girl.
	Then she says that she was not mad because of her, but because Jason did not tell her. Finally, Janice gives Jason the permission to fuck Kira.
 842. Make sure Janice's score is 300 or higher. The next day go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework.
	Now Janice appears looking like Kira. She asks Jason if he could help her with her homework. Click on "Agree".
	Janice sits down on Jason's bed asking him to teach this dummy schoolgirl math. They start to kiss each other and Jason gets naked showing Janice his hard cock.
	Now Janice gives Jason a blowjob. Then click on "Anal". Jason pulls the butt plug out of Janice's ass and licks her asshole.
	Then Jason fucks Janice's ass in different positions and finally cums in her ass.
 843. If the time is before 15:00, Janice appears in Jason's room and sits down on his bed. (Otherwise, the next day go home and to Jason's room until 14:00.)
	Janice tells him that she got a call from his math teacher and that she wants to talk to Janice about Jason's grades.
	Jason says to Janice that it is all her fault because every time he tries to study she appears in all those sexy outfits.
	Janice tells Jason that she now has to go to school and listen to those boring lectures of Jason's teacher. Jason decides to make this meeting less boring.
 844. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Daily clothes". From now on you can also choose "Sporty outfit".
 845. Go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Ask for kinky ideas".
	Danielle tells Jason that during one of her webcam shows she was asked to go to a restaurant with a vibro egg inside her.
	She also tells him that the vibro egg was remote-controlled by the guy who requested this.
 846. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Search for Vibro egg". Then click on "Buy" to buy the vibro egg for $200.
 847. At least 3 days after step 841, go home and to Jason's room. (On weekends this happens automatically.) Janice and Kira come into Jason's room.
	Kira tells Janice that she was just passing by and thought they could do homework together. Janice leaves Jason's room. Jason and Kira lay on Jason's bed.
	He caresses Kira's ass and she tells him that she does not came to him for homework. They start to kiss each other. Then Kira gives Jason a blowjob.
	Now Kira sticks Jason's cock inside her pussy and they fuck in different positions. Finally, Jason cums in Kira's pussy.
 848. To repeat the scene in Jason's room (step 847), go to Jason's room and click on "Invite Kira".
 849. Go to the living room until 15:00 and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Ask about meeting with Rebecca".
	Janice tells Jason that she was about to go. Jason says that he also wants to go to the meeting. Then he shows Janice the vibro egg and asks her to put it in.
	Janice and Jason go to the school to meet Rebecca. Rebecca tells Jason to wait outside the classroom because she wants to talk to Janice.
	Rebecca starts to tell Janice about her concerns about Jason's grades. Now Jason starts to control the vibro egg inside Janice's pussy.
	She can hardly withhold her moans while Jason increases the intensity of the vibro egg. As the conversation ends, Rebecca wonders why Janice is acting so strangely.
	Janice goes to Jason and drags him to the toilet. She raises her skirt and asks Jason to take the vibro egg out and fuck her.
	Jason pulls the vibro egg out of Janice's pussy and fucks her in different positions. Finally, he cums in her pussy.
	When Janice's score is lower than 400, it increases by 10.
 850. To repeat the scene in the school (step 849), go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "remind the meeting with Rebecca".
 851. Make sure you have done the steps 621 and 849. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. Now Jason has a dream of Janice and Rachel looking like demonesses.
	They want to take good care of Jason in the bed. He becomes scared of them and wakes up.
 852. Make sure you have done step 850. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework.
	Now Janice appears naked having one of 4 different hairstyles in blonde or black. She asks Jason if he could help her with her homework. Click on "Agree".
	Janice sits down on Jason's bed asking him to teach this dummy schoolgirl math. They start to kiss each other and Jason gets naked showing Janice his hard cock.
	Then Janice gives Jason a blowjob. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Anal": Jason pulls the butt plug out of Janice's ass and licks her asshole. Then Jason fucks Janice's ass in different positions and finally cums in her ass.
	b) "Vaginal": Jason fucks Janice's pussy in different positions and finally cums in her pussy.