0.42  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 853. (Billy): The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Talk about BJ" and "Agree". Jason receives $100 from Billy. Go home and to the pool.
	Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!". Continue the scene and after Janice gives Jason a handjob, click on "Continue".
	Jason tells Janice that they have some guests today. Billy appears and Janice is happy that he came by. She starts to give Jason and Billy a handjob.
	Then she gives Billy a blowjob. Now you can switch to Jason and Billy repeatedly. Click on "Continue" and Janice gets naked.
	She tells Jason and Billy to have some real fun. Then they start having sex in different positions. Finally, Billy cums in Janice's ass and Jason cums in her pussy.
 854. Make sure Danielle's score is 400 or higher. Go to Danielle's house at 21:00 and knock at the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Danielle starts the webcam show.
	Click on "Don't offer anything". There is a 70 % chance to get the scene where Danielle shows 2 big dildos and says to have some fun with toys today.
	Danielle and Jason do the webcam show together. Danielle sticks a dildo in her pussy while Jason fucks her ass. Then Jason cums in Danielle's ass.
	Jason gets half of the money they did on the webcam show. Danielle offers Jason to stay for the night. Jason gets a phone call from Janice. Click on "Go home".
 855. Go to Danielle's house at 21:00 and knock at the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Danielle starts the webcam show. Click on "Don't offer anything".
	There is a 70 % chance to get the scene where Danielle shows 2 big dildos and says to have fun with toys today. Danielle and Jason do the webcam show together.
	Danielle sticks a dildo in her pussy while Jason fucks her ass. Then Danielle asks Jason to try the other dildo. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Agree": Danielle sticks the dildo in Jason's ass. Jason continues to fuck Danielle's ass and cums in her. Jason gets half of the money they did on the webcam show.
	b) "Disagree": Jason sticks the dildo in Danielle's ass. Then he fucks Danielle's pussy and cums in her. Jason gets half of the money they did on the webcam show.
	   Danielle offers Jason to stay for the night. Jason gets a phone call from Janice. Click on "Go home".
 856. Make sure you have done the steps 854 and 855 and Danielle's score is 400 or higher. The next day after school, Danielle talks to Jason.
	She tells him that her viewers requested one more girl in her show. Danielle asks Jason if he knows someone who would want to join them.
	Jason tells Danielle that he knows some girls who might be interested, but needs to talk to them first.
 857. Go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Offer her to join the camshow".
	Jason asks Kira if she would like to try herself in live streaming. Kira tells Jason that she is not interested.
 858. Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Offer to join the Danielle's camshow".
	Jason asks Julia if she would like to try herself in live streaming. Julia tells Jason that it does not really interest her.
 859. Go to Billy's home. Rachel is watering the flowers. Click on "Approach her". Jason asks Rachel if something is bothering her because she does not seem to be fine.
	She tells him that her husband was demoted at his work and his salary was cut twice. She wonders how they are going to pay Billy's college for the next year.
	Danielle comes by and Jason introduces them to each other. Danielle tells them that she is heading for work and is already late.
	Danielle leaves and Jason tells Rachel that he knows a really well-paid job for her.
 860. Now the webcam show starts and Danielle tells the users that Jason is bringing a girl tonight. Rachel and Jason enter the room.
	Danielle tells Jason that he surprised her because Rachel is not quite the girl she imagined. Now Rachel gets on top of Jason.
	Danielle puts Jason's cock in Rachel's pussy and sticks 2 fingers in Rachel's ass. The webcam show continues with different kinds of naughty sex.
	Finally, Jason cums on Danielle's and Rachel's faces. Danielle's score increases by 10 (up to 500). When Rachel's score is lower than 400, it increases by 10.
	Danielle tells Rachel that her cut is around $500. She also tells Rachel that if she would get some tan or some kind of tattoo, they would make even more.
 861. Make sure you have done the steps 777 to 779 and 860. Go home and to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Adrianna about a new job offer.
	The studio is looking for actors for a new movie. Jason asks himself who he could pick for the role. Now Janice comes in and asks Jason if he has seen her blue pants.
	Jason tells her that he has not seen her pants. Janice decides to buy new ones and is unhappy about the additional expenses.
	She leaves Jason's room and he says that he might just found the perfect actor for the role. This storyline continues with step 879.
 862. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. Jason has another dream of Janice and Rachel looking like demonesses. They want to take good care of Jason in the bed.
	They start to have fun with Jason. Rachel uses her magic on Jason's cock and it grows massively. Now Janice slides Jason's cock in her pussy and fucks him.
	Rachel gets jealous of Janice and has a catfight with her. Now Jason takes over and fucks Janice's and Rachel's pussies and asses in different positions.
	Then Jason fucks Janice's ass while Rachel rubs her pussy and ass on Jason's face. Finally, he cums in Janice's ass and wakes up.
 863. From now on, when Jason goes to sleep, click on "Dreams" and "The Nightmare" to repeat step 862.
 864. Make sure you have done the steps 758 (sex with Kendra), 851 and 862 (both nightmares). Go to sleep in Jason's bed. Now make sure the next day is a weekday.
	Jason wakes up early in the morning and realizes he totally forgot that today he has a grammar test. He decides to pretend that he is sick.
	Janice enters Jason's room and asks him why he is still in bed. He says that he is not feeling well. Janice wants to call a doctor.
	Jason tells Janice that he does not feel that bad and just needs a little rest to be fine. At 15:00 Jason gets out of the bed.
	He tells Janice that he is feeling much better now.
 865. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. At least 5 days later make sure Jason wakes up early in the morning. Jason realizes he forgot that today he has a grammar test.
	Click on "Skip the school". He decides to pretend that he is sick. Janice enters Jason's room and asks him why he is still in bed. He says that he is not feeling well.
	Janice decides to call a doctor this time. She tells Jason that his illness might be serious.
	Jason suggests that Janice should call Kendra because she is competent enough to take a look. Janice calls Kendra and 30 minutes later Kendra comes to Jason.
	He tells Kendra that he is just not feeling very good. Then Janice's phone rings and she takes the call. After the phone call, she tells them that she has to go now.
	(Billy: Make sure you have done step 853. Jason wonders who Janice was talking to. When you repeat this scene, this does not happen again.)
	Kendra tells Janice that she will take care of Jason. Janice thanks Kendra as she is leaving Jason's room. Then Kendra tells Jason that she can see he is not sick.
	He admits that today there is a grammar test at school and he is not really ready for it. Kendra has something in mind.
	(When you repeat this scene, you can now choose between different latex and leather outfits for Kendra.) The scene continues with Jason licking Kendra's asshole.
	Then she strokes his cock when suddenly Julia appears. Julia likes what she sees and goes to Kendra and Jason in the bed. They throw Jason on the pillow.
	(When you repeat this scene, you can now choose to let Julia wear no outfit and choose between 4 different latex outfits.)
	Kendra and Julia start to have some naughty fun. Kendra licks Julia's asshole as Jason's cock is getting harder. Now Julia teases Jason with Kendra's pussy.
	Then Kendra and Julia stroke and lick Jason's cock. The naughty fun continues and Jason begs Kendra to fuck her.
	Then Jason fucks Kendra's pussy as Julia fists Kendra's asshole. Now Jason fucks Julia's pussy as she licks Kendra's pussy.
	Then Jason fucks Julia's asshole in different positions with Kendra's help. Jason is about to cum as Kendra takes over and licks Julia's asshole.
	Now Kendra fists Julia's asshole and Jason sticks his cock in Kendra's asshole and fucks her. Then Kendra licks Julia's pussy as she continues to fist her asshole.
	Finally, Jason cums in Kendra's asshole. Julia's and Kendra's scores increase by 10 (Julia: up to 550, Kendra: up to 300).
 866. To repeat the sex scene with Kendra and Julia in Jason's room (step 865), go to sleep in Jason's bed.
	Skip 7 to 14 days and make sure Jason wakes up early in the morning. Jason realizes he forgot that today he has a grammar test. Click on "Skip the school".
 867. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. When Rachel asks you to come in, click on "Leave".
	Get the scene where Rachel opens the door wearing her red robe. When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside.
	Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed. Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Skin Customization". Now you have 3 options:
	a) "Tan": Click on "Clothes" to see Rachel naked. Use the "Tan Intensity" and "Tan Lines Intensity" sliders to change Rachel's tan.
	   Then choose between 5 different tan lines. Finally, click on "Done".
	b) "Pubic hair style": Click on "Clothes" to see Rachel naked. Choose between 6 different pubic hair styles for Rachel. Finally, click on "Done".
	c) "Tattoo": Click on "Clothes" to see Rachel naked. Choose between 4 different tattoo styles or "No Tattoo" for Rachel. Finally, click on "Done".
 868. Now click on "Danielle's camshow" to repeat the webcam show with Danielle and Rachel. Then the webcam show starts and Rachel gets on top of Jason.
	Danielle puts Jason's cock in Rachel's pussy and sticks 2 fingers in Rachel's ass. The webcam show continues with different kinds of naughty sex.
	Finally, Jason cums on Danielle's and Rachel's faces. Danielle tells Rachel that she is glad that she took her advice because today they did much better.
	Danielle's score increases by 10 (up to 500). When Rachel's score is lower than 400, it increases by 10.
	Danielle tells Rachel and Jason that she has so many ideas what they could do.
 869. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. When Rachel asks you to come in, click on "Leave".
	Get the scene where Rachel opens the door wearing her red robe. When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside.
	Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed. Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Danielle's camshow". Then the webcam show starts.
	Danielle tells Rachel and Jason that she has prepared a special program. Now they are all wearing a latex suit and they go to the park.
	Then the webcam show continues with different kinds of naughty sex. Finally, Jason cums on Danielle's and Rachel's faces. Danielle's score increases by 10 (up to 510).
	When Rachel's score is lower than 400, it increases by 10.
 870. The next time you repeat the webcam show with Danielle and Rachel, you can choose to stay or to go to the park.
	Then you can choose to be nude or to wear the latex outfit (for Danielle, Rachel and Jason), or to wear lingerie (for Danielle and Rachel).