0.43  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 871. Make sure Julia's score is 480 or higher and you have done the photoshoot with Julia and Kira at the studio (up to step 532).
	Catch Julia standing in the tub by the pool looking at her back and click on "Approach her". She tells Jason that she just ripped her favorite swimsuit.
	Julia asks Jason if it is possible to fix it. He is afraid that her favorite swimsuit is completely ruined. Julia starts to cry and leaves.
	Jason decides that he should find her another swimsuit.
 872. Make sure you have suncream and Michelle's score is 250 or higher. Go to the beach at 17:00 or 18:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Kira or Michelle sunbathing.
	When Michelle is there, click on "Approach her" and "Compliment her swimsuit". Jason tells Michelle that her swimsuit fits her so well.
	She says that her swimsuit is obviously too small for her and she should have checked the size before buying it.
	Then she tells Jason that she has a whole bunch of them. Jason asks Michelle if she could sell her one swimsuit.
	She wants to give him the swimsuit for free and asks him to come to her house.
 873. Go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door". Jason asks Michelle for the swimsuit. She gives him the swimsuit.
 874. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Give her the new swimsuit". Jason asks Julia to put the swimsuit on.
	Julia puts the new swimsuit on. Now choose the colors for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone. Click on "Done".
	Then click on "Wear it" to let Julia wear the swimsuit on this day or "Wear it as daily as well" to let her wear the swimsuit all the time at home.
 875. Catch Julia sitting in the tub by the pool and click on "Approach her" and "Have sex". Jason tells Julia that she is looking so sexy in this swimsuit.
	They start to kiss each other and then they undress. Julia strokes Jason's cock and gives him a blowjob. Then Jason licks Julia's pussy and asshole.
	Now Julia wants Jason's cock inside her. Choose between "Vaginal" and "Anal". Jason fucks Julia's pussy or ass in different positions.
	Then click on "Anal" or "Vaginal" to fuck Julia's ass or pussy in different positions repeatedly. Finally, click on "Cum" and Jason cums on Julia's face.
	Now Janice appears and she tells Jason that the light bulb in her bedroom needs to be changed. Jason says that he can do that right now.
	30 minutes later Julia gets out of the tub and goes to Janice's bedroom. She catches Jason fucking Janice's pussy or ass (50 % by chance).
	Jason cums in Janice and Julia asks Jason if this is how he is changing the light bulb.
 876. (Billy): Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Ask about the phone call".
	Jason asks Janice who she was talking to on the phone the other day.
	She tells him that it was a friend from college times who was in town that day and wanted to meet her.
	Jason thinks that it does not sound too convincing to him and that he should find a way to verify her version.
 877. (Billy): Go to the bathroom while Janice is taking a shower (between 20:00 and 22:00). Click on "Check Janice's phone".
	Jason checks who Janice was talking to the other day (step 865). He recognizes Billy's number and checks the messages. He reads that Janice met Billy behind his back.
	Billy wanted to see Janice dressed as Shelle Nightmore again. Jason wants to talk to Janice about this.
 878. (Billy): Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Talk about meetings with Billy".
	Jason tells Janice that he knows about her meetings with Billy and that he read his messages on her phone. Jason asks Janice why she was hiding it from him.
	Janice tells Jason that she was afraid that he would be mad at her because Billy bought all those nice things for her and she could not say no to him.
	Jason tells Janice that he is angry because she kept this in secret from him, but might forgive her, when she tells him everything what happened during those meetings.
	Janice tells Jason that Billy quite often asked her to dress as Shelle Nightmore. Now choose between "Imagine Janice" and "Imagine Shelle Nightmore".
	Then Janice tells Jason all the details about the sex she and Billy had on the remote part of the beach. Janice wears a black bikini or is dressed as Shelle Nightmore.