0.44  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 879. Make sure you have done step 861. Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Offer to act in the movie".
	Jason tells Janice that there is a great opportunity to make a good amount of cash. He says that there is an offer to act in an unordinary movie.
	Janice correctly suspects that this is a porn movie and tells Jason that the last thing she wants is to be known as a pornstar.
	Jason replies that the film is only for the foreign market and there is a massive payment for the role. Janice is a little worried that someone may recognize her.
	Jason suggests that Janice should change her hairstyle. Now choose between 4 different hairstyles for Janice.
	Then click on "Keep this one" to keep the chosen hairstyle or "Choose another one" to choose another hairstyle.
 880. Janice and Jason are now in the studio. Adrianna starts the movie shooting. Janice and Jason introduce themselves.
	After some foreplay, Jason fucks Janice's pussy in different positions. Finally, Jason cums in Janice's pussy. The first time you play this scene, Jason receives $500.
 881. At least 2 days later go home and to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Adrianna that the movie was a massive hit and there is an offer to do a sequel.
 882. Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Offer to act in the movie".
	Jason tells Janice that the movie they did was a huge success. Because of the movie's popularity Janice has concerns to be recognized by someone who knows them.
	Jason replies that the film is for the Asian market and they offer the double amount of money. Janice is eager to shoot the movie.
	Now choose between 4 different hairstyles for Janice. Then click on "Keep this one" to keep the chosen hairstyle or "Choose another one" to choose another hairstyle.
 883. Janice and Jason are now in the studio. Adrianna starts the movie shooting and tells the audience that their social media was flooded with requests for another scene.
	After some foreplay, Jason fucks Janice's ass in different positions. Finally, Jason cums in Janice's ass. The first time you play this scene, Jason receives $1000.
 884. (Billy): Make sure you have done the steps 878 to 883. The next day after school, Billy approaches Jason and tells him that the porn movie was a fucking bomb.
	Billy asks Jason to be in that movie too. Jason tells him that he will let him know if there is going to be another movie.
 885. (Billy): At least 2 days later go home and to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Adrianna.
	She tells him that the last movie was a huge success and it was even better than the first one.
	Then she tells him that they want to make a third part and they will need one more male actor.
 886. (Billy): Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Offer to act in the movie".
	Jason tells Janice that the movie they did was an even bigger hit. Janice asks Jason if they want more. Jason tells her that this is exactly what they want.
	He says that the payment is even better than the last time and Billy is going to act too. Now choose between 4 different hairstyles for Janice.
	Then click on "Keep this one" to keep the chosen hairstyle or "Choose another one" to choose another hairstyle.
 887. (Billy): Janice, Jason and Billy are now in the studio. Adrianna starts the movie shooting.
	After some foreplay, Janice gives Jason and Billy blowjobs and they fuck Janice's pussy and asshole in different positions. Finally, you have 2 options:
	a) "Cum inside": Jason cums in Janice's pussy and Billy cums in her asshole.
	b) "Cum outside": Jason and Billy cum on Janice's face.
	The first time you play this scene, Jason receives $1000.
 888. To repeat the movie scenes with Janice, go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Share memories".
	Then choose a porn movie scene. Now choose between 4 different hairstyles for Janice.
	Then click on "Keep this one" to keep the chosen hairstyle or "Choose another one" to choose another hairstyle.
 889. Make sure you have done step 855 and Danielle is wearing her new lifeguard swimsuit (step 715). Go to the beach between 15:00 and 19:00.
	When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower and looking out to sea, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle and Jason talk about how nice she looks in her new swimsuit. Now click on "Go to the tower". Danielle and Jason go to the lifeguard tower.
	Now click on "Grab her butt". Jason grabs Danielle's tits and butt. Then he licks Danielle's pussy. She asks Jason to stop it.
 890. The next day go to the beach between 15:00 and 19:00. When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower and looking out to sea, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle and Jason talk about how nice she looks in her new swimsuit. Now click on "Go to the tower". Danielle and Jason go to the lifeguard tower.
	Click on "Grab her butt". Jason grabs Danielle's tits and butt. Then he licks Danielle's pussy. Danielle starts to like it.
	Then Kelly appears in front of the lifeguard tower. She asks Danielle if it is safe to swim today.
	She tells Kelly that the beach is closed today and it is too dangerous for swimming because of the underwater waves.
	Kelly goes away and Jason shows Danielle his hard cock. She gives him a blowjob. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 891. The next day go to the beach between 15:00 and 19:00. When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower and looking out to sea, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle and Jason talk about how nice she looks in her new swimsuit. Now click on "Go to the tower". Danielle and Jason go to the lifeguard tower.
	Click on "Grab her butt". Jason grabs Danielle's tits and butt. Then he licks Danielle's pussy. Danielle gets horny and takes Jason's hard cock.
	She gives him a blowjob. Then Kelly appears in front of the lifeguard tower. She asks Jason what he is doing there and where the lifeguard is.
	Jason tells her that she got a phone call. Kelly goes away and Jason fucks Danielle's pussy. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
	When Danielle's score is 490 or lower, it increases by 10.
 892. The next day go to the beach between 15:00 and 19:00. When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower and looking out to sea, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle and Jason talk about how nice she looks in her new swimsuit. Now click on "Go to the tower". Danielle and Jason go to the lifeguard tower.
	Click on "Grab her butt". Jason grabs Danielle's tits and butt. Then he licks Danielle's pussy. Danielle gets horny and takes Jason's hard cock.
	She gives him a blowjob. Then Jason fucks Danielle's pussy. Now he asks Danielle for some anal fun.
	Danielle tells Jason that they need lube and that she will bring it the next time. Kelly is standing beside the lifeguard tower.
	She watches Jason fucking Danielle's pussy. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside". When Danielle's score is 490 or lower, it increases by 10.
 893. The next day go to the beach between 15:00 and 19:00. When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower and looking out to sea, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle and Jason talk about how nice she looks in her new swimsuit. Now click on "Go to the tower". Danielle and Jason go to the lifeguard tower.
	Click on "Grab her butt". Jason grabs Danielle's tits and butt. Then he licks Danielle's pussy. Danielle gets horny and takes Jason's hard cock.
	She gives him a blowjob. Kelly is standing beside the lifeguard tower and watches Danielle giving Jason a blowjob. Now Jason asks Danielle if she has brought the lube.
	She shows him the bottle and Jason puts some lube on his cock. Now Kelly goes in front of the lifeguard tower.
	She tells Danielle that she will just lay here and sunbathe. Finally, Jason hides inside the lifeguard tower.
 894. The next day go to the beach between 15:00 and 19:00. When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower and looking out to sea, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle and Jason talk about how nice she looks in her new swimsuit. Now click on "Go to the tower". Danielle and Jason go to the lifeguard tower.
	Click on "Grab her butt". Jason grabs Danielle's tits and butt. Then he licks Danielle's pussy. Danielle gets horny and takes Jason's hard cock.
	She gives him a blowjob. Kelly is standing beside the lifeguard tower and watches Danielle giving Jason a blowjob. Then Kelly switches the bottle with the lube.
	Now Jason asks Danielle if she has brought the lube. She shows him the bottle and Jason puts some lube on his cock. Now Jason fucks Danielle's ass.
	Jason says that his cock feels sticky inside Danielle's ass. Danielle tells him that it feels strange. Now Kelly fakes a drowning.
	Danielle asks Jason to pull his cock out of her ass, but it feels like it is glued. Kelly comes out of the water and confronts Danielle and Jason.
	She sees that Jason's cock is stuck in Danielle's ass and takes a picture of it. Kelly threatens to show it to the Coast Guard Office. Danielle fears losing her job.
	Jason tells Danielle that he will talk to Kelly and fix this.
 895. Go to the pharmacy shop until 16:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Talk about the prank at the beach".
	Jason asks Kelly if she realizes that Danielle will lose her job if she will show those pictures to Danielle's boss.
	Kelly tells Jason that this probably will be the case. Finally, Jason says that she will regret this.
 896. Go to the hospital. Jason comes up with the idea to knock Kelly out with something like chloroform and then lock her in her dungeon. Go inside the hospital.
	Now click on "Approach Kendra" and "Ask about chlorophorm". Jason asks Kendra if she has chloroform here and that he wants to play a prank on a friend.
	She warns him that in the real world it is very dangerous stuff that can kill people. Then she tells Jason that there is a quite similar stuff.
	She says that this is called Twistoform and it works even better than chloroform and it is totally safe. Then Jason asks Kendra if she can give him some Twistoform.
	Kendra refuses to give Jason the Twistoform.
 897. Make sure you have sleeping pills. Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Complain about the pain". Kendra tells Jason to follow her to do some tests.
	After all the tests are done, she says that tomorrow morning the results are available.
 898. At night click on "Call Kendra". Jason tells Kendra that he is bored and he thought that they could have a talk about books or something like that.
	Kendra stays with Jason and they have a conversation about the book "The even less shades of pink". Kendra gets tired.
	She wants to drink some coffee and asks Jason if he also wants some coffee. He agrees and Kendra returns with 2 cups of coffee.
	Jason and Kendra sit on the hospital bed. Jason tells Kendra that he is so glad that she is working at the hospital and without her it would be boring.
	Now click on "Ask for sugar". Kendra leaves the room to get some sugar. Now Jason adds a sleeping pill to Kendra's coffee. Then Kendra returns without the sugar.
	Kendra drinks some more coffee and falls asleep. Jason lays her on the hospital bed and says how cute she is while sleeping. Jason takes Kendra's ID badge.
 899. Click on the storage room door down the hall on the right side (room 201) and on "Get in". Click on the orange bottle with the yellow label.
	Jason gets one bottle of Twistoform. Then click on "Go back to the corridor".
 900. Click on Jason's hospital room door on the left side (room 204). Now click on "Return the ID badge" to give the ID badge back to Kendra.
	Click on "Do nothing" and Jason goes back to sleep. The next morning Kendra awakes and rushes to work.
 901. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Wait until Kelly is busy. Click on "Use Twistophorm". Then Jason approaches Kelly with a cloth soaked with Twistoform.
	He puts her to sleep and drags her to the dungeon. Now Jason calls Danielle and asks her to come over. Then Danielle arrives and is surprised to see Kelly hogtied.
	Jason tells her that Kelly is just sleeping. Danielle can feel that they are going to have a tough conversation. Then Danielle and Jason change into latex suits.
	Now Kelly wakes up and is angry. Danielle forces Kelly to tell her where her phone with the pictures Kelly took on the beach is. Kelly strictly refuses this.
	She threatens to show the pictures to Danielle's boss as soon as she gets out of the dungeon. As a punishment Kelly now gets humiliated by Danielle and Jason.
	She gets her ass spanked by Kelly and Jason forces her to suck his cock. Then Danielle fucks Kelly's ass with a dildo.
	Now Jason fucks Kelly's pussy while she has the dildo still in her ass. Then Kelly gives in and tells Danielle and Jason that her phone is upstairs in her purse.
	They drag Kelly on the bed to humiliate her still more. In the further course, Danielle fucks Kelly's pussy with a dildo.
	Now Jason fucks Kelly's ass while she has one dildo still in her ass and another one still in her pussy. Then Jason fucks Danielle's pussy.
	Finally, Danielle squirts on Kelly and Jason cums on Kelly's face. Jason takes a picture of the humiliated Kelly and says that their business here is done.
 902. To repeat the punishment of Kelly (step 901), go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside.
	Click on "Share memories" and "Kelly's punishment".
 903. Go to the beach between 15:00 and 19:00. When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower and looking out to sea, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle and Jason talk about how nice she looks in her new swimsuit. Now click on "Go to the tower". Danielle and Jason go to the lifeguard tower.
	Click on "Grab her butt". Jason grabs Danielle's tits and butt. Then he licks Danielle's pussy. Danielle gets horny and takes Jason's hard cock.
	She gives him a blowjob. Then you can ask Danielle to take off her swimsuit or to continue wearing her swimsuit. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Pussy": Jason fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
	b) "Ass": Jason puts some lube on his cock. He fucks Danielle's ass in different positions and cums in her.
	When Danielle's score is 490 or lower, it increases by 10.