0.45  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 904. Make sure you have done step 883. 7 days later go home and to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Adrianna about a new job offer.
	She tells him that this time there will be an orgy with at least 3 ladies. (Billy: Make sure you have done step 887.
	Adrianna also tells him that he can invite some of his male friends.) Adrianna says that the orgy will not take place in the studio.
	She asks Jason to find a spot for the scene.
 905. Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Offer to act in the movie".
	Jason tells Janice that this time Adrianna wants to film another scene with more people to be involved. She asks Jason if Adrianna wants to film a party.
	Jason says that she can call it that way. Janice tells Jason that she is pretty busy lately and that she will not be able to participate this time.
 906. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. When Rachel asks you to come in, click on "Leave".
	Get the scene where Rachel opens the door wearing her red robe. When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside.
	Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed. Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Invite to the Pool party".
	Jason tells Rachel that he is going to a pool party. He invites her to the pool party. Rachel tells Jason that she will come gladly.
 907. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Invite her to the pool party".
	Jason invites Kira to the pool party. Kira tells Jason that she likes pool parties and will love to come.
 908. Go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Invite to the pool party". Jason tells Michelle that he is going to a pool party.
	Jason invites Michelle to the pool party. Michelle tells Jason that she likes pool parties and will definitely come.
 909. (Billy): The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Invite him to the pool party".
	Jason tells Billy that they will be filming another movie and it will be a pool party setup. Jason asks Billy to join them and Billy tells him that he will be in.
 910. Make sure you have at least 10 Vitamine X. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on "Start the pool party". A couple of hours later Adrianna and Jason are in the tub.
	She says that this is a pretty cool place for filming the scene. Now Rachel appears first and Adrianna starts the recording. Then Michelle and Kira appear second.
	After a casual chat, Jason gets the refreshments with Vitamine X added to them. Now they enjoy the drinks.
	Michelle, Kira and Rachel are becoming more and more relaxed. Then they are flirting with each other. Now Michelle and Rachel start to kiss.
	Kira takes Jason's cock out. Then the orgy begins while Adrianna still films the scene. Suddenly, Janice appears and asks why they have started without her.
	She joins them and Jason realizes that she took a drink from the kitchen. Janice starts having sex with Jason. Adrianna gets thirsty and enjoys one of the cold drinks.
	Then she joins the orgy and Jason thinks it is time to fuck someone. Now choose 5 times in a row between Michelle, Rachel, Janice, Kira and Adrianna.
	Then choose between fucking her pussy or ass. After your fifth choice between one of them, Jason finally cums all over their faces.
	(Billy): After your fifth choice between one of them, Billy appears. Adrianna and Janice welcome him and he joins the orgy.
	Finally, Billy cums on Rachel's, Adrianna's and Kira's faces and Jason cums on Janice's and Michelle's faces.
 911. To repeat the pool party (step 910), go to Jason's room and click on "Start the pool party (repeat)".