0.47  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:510  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 920. Make sure you have done steps 624, 625 and 910.
 921. Go to Billy's home. Rachel is watering the flowers. Click on "Approach her". Rachel tells Jason that her day is a little bit boring.
	She says that her husband is on a business trip for a couple of days and Billy is also coming home late because he will meet his clanmates and play games.
	Jason invites Rachel to go out somewhere, like a nice restaurant or a club, since she will be free for a whole night. Rachel happily agrees.
 922. Later that night Jason and Rachel return to Jason's home. Rachel tells Jason what an amazing night it was and that she had so much fun.
	Then Jason gets a phone message from Janice. She writes that she will not be home tonight, so Jason invites Rachel to come in for some coffee or tea.
	Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Take her to your room": Jason and Rachel go to Jason's room: They start to have some naughty fun. Then Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and ass in different positions.
	   Now choose to cum in Rachel's pussy or ass. Jason cums inside Rachel's pussy or ass and then they both fall asleep.
	   Now Jason dreams that he got Rachel pregnant and then he fucks her pussy and cums in her. The next morning Jason wakes up and sees Rachel getting dressed.
	   He gets up and kisses Rachel. Finally, he asks her to give him a call the next time her husband goes on a business trip.
	b) "Take her to the bedroom": Jason and Rachel go to the bedroom. They get undressed and Rachel wants to give Jason a blowjob. Suddenly, Janice appears in the bedroom.
	   When you are not on Billy's path, the scene continues just like the step 922 b a ("... she is alone").
		(Billy): Now you have 2 options:
		a) "... she is alone": (When you repeat this scene, you can now choose to let Janice and Rachel wear no clothes or choose between 5 different outfits.)
		   Janice joins them and they are having sex in different positions. Then Jason cums on Janice's and Rachel's faces.
		   Now Rachel gets a phone call from her husband. Then Jason fucks her pussy and cums in her while she speaks with her husband.
		   Finally, Rachel has to go home and Janice tells Rachel that she is always welcome.
		b) "... she won't be mad": (When you repeat this scene, you can now choose to let Janice and Rachel wear no clothes or choose between 5 different outfits.)
		   Billy is with Janice and they join Jason and Rachel. They are having sex in different positions.
		   During the scene you can choose to switch positions and "Keep going". Then Jason fucks Rachel's ass and Billy fucks Janice's ass.
		   Now Rachel gets a phone call from her husband. Jason and Billy continue to fuck Rachel's and Janice's asses while Rachel speaks with her husband.
		   Then you can choose to switch to their pussies or "Continue" to continue fucking their asses. Now Jason cums in Rachel and Billy cums in Janice.
		   Finally, Rachel and Billy have to go home and Janice tells them that they are always welcome.
 923. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Lingerie".
	From now on you can also choose "Fishnet stockings with underwear" and "Fishnet stockings only".
 924. To repeat the night scene (step 922), go to Jason's room and click on "Message Rachel".
	Rachel gives Jason a positive answer at least 2 days after you have played step 922.
 925. (Billy, Pregnancy): Make sure you have done step 763. Go to the beach and catch Billy with Janice on the pier. Click on "Come closer".
	Billy kisses Janice and touches her tits. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Leave them": Jason goes away and Janice gives Billy a blowjob. Then he licks and fucks Janice's pussy. Finally, Billy cums in Janice's pussy.
	b) "Tell Billy to go away": Jason asks Billy to go home, so Billy goes away. Janice tells Jason that he is jealous and that this is such a turn on for her.
	   Now she gives Jason a blowjob. Then he licks and fucks Janice's pussy. Finally, Jason cums in Janice's pussy.
	There is a 50 % chance to get Janice pregnant.
 926. (Billy, Pregnancy): Go home and to Jason's room. (On weekends this happens automatically.)
	When the impregnation was successful, Janice tells Jason that she is pregnant with his (step 925 b) or Billy's (step 925 a) baby.
	She says that they should sleep together, since she is carrying a baby. Janice's bed is the default sleeping bed from now on.
 927. (Billy, Pregnancy): Go to sleep and with a chance of 40 % Jason wakes up with Janice giving him a blowjob.
	Click on "Continue" and Janice wants Jason to fuck her in the ass. Now click on "Use lube" or "Use saliva".
	After Jason puts the lube or his saliva in Janice's ass, he fucks her ass in different positions and cums in her.
	(When you let John stay at home (step 474) and he is at home, he will come in during the scene asking if the baby is coming.
	Janice tells John that the baby is not coming and asks him to get out.)
 928. (Billy, Pregnancy): After 30 days, Janice goes into labor. When you go to sleep and click on "Sleep till morning" or at the end of step 928 Janice goes into labor.
	Jason calls an ambulance and Janice gives birth to a baby girl in the hospital. As soon as the scene in the hospital ends, the baby is gone.