0.48  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:510  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 929. Make sure you have the spy camera. Go home and to Jason's room. Every 3 to 7 days Jason gets a message from Michelle when he is in his room.
	Keep going to Jason's room until you get a message from Michelle where she tells him that Steve will be out of town tonight and she might feel very lonely.
 930. Go to Michelle's house at 20:00 or later and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting naked in the pool and plays with her tits and pussy.
	Jason masturbates while Michelle rubs her pussy. Michelle notices Jason and wants him to come to her. Michelle gives Jason a blowjob and let him fuck her tits.
	Now choose between "Vaginal" and "Anal" to fuck Michelle's pussy or ass. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 931. Now click on "Look for Kira's room". Jason enters Kira's room. Click on "Hide the spycam". Jason hides the spy camera and returns to Michelle.
	She shows him her opened asshole. Jason fucks Michelle's asshole in different positions. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 932. Go home and to Jason's room. Every 3 to 7 days Jason gets a message from Michelle when he is in his room.
	Keep going to Jason's room until you get a message from Michelle where she tells him that Steve will be out of town tonight and she might feel very lonely.
 933. Go to Michelle's house at 20:00 or later and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting naked in the pool and plays with her tits and pussy.
	Jason masturbates while Michelle rubs her pussy. Michelle notices Jason and wants him to come to her. Michelle gives Jason a blowjob and let him fuck her tits.
	Now choose between "Vaginal" and "Anal" to fuck Michelle's pussy or ass. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 934. Now click on "Look for Kira's room". Jason enters Kira's room. Click on "Pick up spycam". Jason takes the spy camera and returns to Michelle.
	She shows him her opened asshole. Jason fucks Michelle's asshole in different positions. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 935. Go to Jason's room and click on his screen. Click on "Connect USB". Then you have 2 options:
	a) "Regular version": Jason sees Steve fucking some woman in Kira's room. Jason calls Michelle and asks her to come over.
	   One hour later Michelle meets Jason in the living room. Jason shows Michelle the video. Michelle is appalled as she is looking at the video.
	   She tells Jason that she knows that bitch Steve is fucking in the video. It is Kira's private music tutor. Then Julia enters the living room.
	   She wonders what Jason and Michelle are watching. Michelle is upset that Steve is doing it on Kira's bed. Julia agrees and goes away.
	   Michelle asks herself why she could not see it and wants Steve to pay for this. Now Jason has the idea to shoot a porn movie and force Steve to watch it.
	   Jason asks Michelle if she has ever heard about a studio called Lazzers. Michelle does not know it and asks Jason what that studio does.
	   Jason tells her that she will see and has to trust him on this one.
	b) "NTR version": Jason sees Steve fucking Kira in her room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Video Library".
	   Now click on "Video 005 (footage from Kira's room)" and "Download to your phone". Jason texts Michelle and asks her to come over.
	   One hour later Michelle meets Jason in the living room. Jason shows Michelle the video. Michelle is appalled as she is looking at the video.
	   Then Julia enters the living room. She wonders what Jason and Michelle are watching. Michelle is upset that Steve is cheating on her with her daughter.
	   Michelle asks Julia if she knew about this. She says no and that this is a shock for her too and goes away.
	   Michelle asks herself why she could not see it and that this is all her fault. Michelle wants Steve to pay for this.
	   Now Jason has the idea to shoot a porn movie and force Steve to watch it. Jason asks Michelle if she has ever heard about a studio called Lazzers.
	   Michelle does not know it and asks Jason what that studio does. Jason tells her that she will see and has to trust him on this one.
 936. Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Talk about movie with Michelle".
	Jason asks Adrianna if she is still looking for fresh actresses and if she remembers Michelle. Adrianna remembers her and wants to shoot a movie with her.
	She asks Jason to give her some time to arrange the shooting time.
 937. At least 3 days later go to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Adrianna. The tells him that the studio is available for tonight.
	Jason texts Michelle about this.
 938. Later that night Jason and Michelle are in the studio. Adrianna starts the movie shooting and Michelle tells Adrianna about her.
	Then Jason gets naked and Michelle appears in a sexy outfit. Jason teases Michelle and then they are having sex in different positions.
	Finally, Jason cums in Michelle's ass.
 939. To repeat the porn movie scene with Michelle (step 938), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary".
	Then click on and "Michelle's porn movie". Now choose between 4 different outfits for Michelle.
 940. At least 4 days later go to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Michelle. She asks Jason for help to move some furniture.
	When you are not on Billy's path, the scene continues just like the step 940 b ("Go alone").
	(Billy): Make sure you have invited Billy to the pool party (step 909). Michelle tells Jason that he can bring his friend for an extra hand. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Bring Billy along": Jason and Billy sit on in Michelle's bed. Now Michelle appears and surprises them. Billy is horny and starts sucking on Michelle's left tit.
	   Now Jason sucks on her right tit. Then they are having sex in different positions. Suddenly, Steve appears and is appalled about what he sees.
	   Jason and Billy continue having sex with Michelle. Finally, they cum on Michelle's face and then Steve leaves the bedroom.
	b) "Go alone": Jason sits on Michelle's bed. Now Michelle appears and surprises him. Michelle is horny and gives Jason a blowjob.
	   Then they are having sex in different positions. Suddenly, Steve appears and is appalled about what he sees. Jason continues having sex with Michelle.
	   Finally, choose to cum in Michelle's pussy or ass and then Steve leaves the bedroom.
 941. To repeat the moving furniture scene with Michelle (step 940), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary".
	Then click on "Moving furniture for Michelle". Now choose between "Solo" to play step 940 b and "With Billy" to play step 940 a.
 942. From now on you can go to Jason's room and click on "Go to the Michelle's pool" to visit Michelle at her pool to have sex with her (step 933).
 943. A few days later go to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Julia. She asks him to come to her room.
 944. Go to Julia's room at 20:00 or later. Julia is in her room wearing a superhero costume. Jason is not in the mood for roleplaying and wants to leave Julia's room.
	She grabs him but Jason turns the table and grabs Julia. Then he throws Julia on her bed and let Julia give him a blowjob.
	Jason removes the crotch from Julia's costume. Now Jason and Julia have sex in different positions. Finally, choose to cum in Julia's pussy or ass.
 945. To repeat the superhero costume scene with Julia (step 944), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary".
	Then click on "Julia's superhero costume".