0.49  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:510  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 946. Make sure you have done the steps 901 and 940. Go to the living room until you see Janice sitting on the couch. Jason recognizes that she does not look fine.
	He sits down next to her and asks her what is bothering her. She tells him that he would not understand because it is a woman's thing.
	Jason thinks that he should ask Danielle to talk to Janice.
 947. The next day go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Ask her to talk to Janice".
	Jason tells Danielle that he found Janice in a depressive mood and that there was something definitely bothering her. He asks Danielle to talk to Janice.
	Danielle doubts that it is something serious and tells Jason that she was planning to clean her kitchen today. Jason tells her that he can clean the kitchen for her.
	Now Danielle agrees to talk to Janice. Then Jason starts to clean Danielle's kitchen. He recognizes that the stains will not come off.
	Jason wants to go home to look for some cleaner to clean Danielle's kitchen.
 948. Go to Jason's home and to the kitchen. Click on the drawer under the window to take the stain cleaner.
 949. Go to Danielle's house and knock on the door. Click on "Clean the kitchen". She asks Jason to come inside.
	Then Jason continues to clean Danielle's kitchen with the stain cleaner. This time the stains come off and the kitchen is clean and shiny.
	Danielle returns and does not remember the last time she has seen the kitchen that clean. She tells Jason that she will come by in the evening to talk to Janice.
 950. Go home and to the living room at 16:00 or later. Janice and Danielle are on the couch. Janice touches Danielle's left tit.
	Jason asks them what this boob grabbing is all about. Then they have a conversation about the feeling of real and fake boobs.
	Janice asks Jason about his opinion as a man. Suddenly, Jason touches Janice's and Danielle's tits and tells them that fake tits feel firmer.
	He also tells them that real ones are indeed softer. Janice now asks Jason if he prefers fake or real tits. Jason tells Janice that he needs to do some more testing.
 951. Janice, Danielle and Jason are now in the bedroom. Jason tells them to proceed to the next test. He sucks on and squeezes Janice's and Danielle's tits.
	Janice and Danielle lay down on the bed as Jason plays more with their tits side by side. Then he pulls his cock out and Janice asks him if he is going to use lube.
 952. Jason goes to his room to get the lube. Now Jason meets Julia in the hallway. He tells her that he forgot the lube.
	Julia has the lube because she grabbed it from his room. Jason wants Julia to give him the lube, but she wants a piece of his cock for compensation.
	Jason let Julia give him a blowjob. Then Jason gets his lube and goes back to the bedroom.
 953. Jason enters the bedroom and sees Janice and Danielle kissing each other. Jason puts some lube on his cock.
	Then Jason fucks Janice's tits as he squeezes and sucks on Danielle's tits. After this he fucks Danielle's tits. Jason still cannot decide whose tits are better.
	Now Janice gets horny and wants Jason's cock inside her. Jason starts to lick Janice's pussy. Danielle strokes Jason's cock and then gives him a blowjob.
	Then Jason removes Danielle's panties. Danielle has a butt plug inside her asshole. Jason slowly removes the butt plug.
	Then Janice and Danielle kiss each other as Jason licks Danielle's asshole. Now Jason wants to fuck Danielle's asshole.
	Danielle asks Jason to put some lube on his cock. As he tries to use the lube, Jason finds out that the lube is empty.
	Janice and Danielle kiss each other passionately.
 954. Jason goes to Julia's room to get more lube. Jason enters Julia's room. She plays with her pussy and Jason demands her to give him more lube.
	Julia wants Jason to lick and fuck her pussy, only then she will give him the lube. Jason fulfills her desire. Then Julia orgasms and tells Jason where the lube is.
	Jason grabs the lube and goes back to the bedroom.
 955. Jason enters the bedroom and sees Danielle licking Janice's pussy. Then he puts some lube on his cock. Now Jason fucks Danielle's ass and licks Janice's ass.
	They continue to have sex in different positions. Finally, Jason cums on Janice's and Danielle's faces.
	Danielle tells Janice and Jason that it is too bad that she has not streamed it live. Jason tells Janice and Danielle that this is a great idea, but Janice disagrees.
 956. To repeat Danielle's visit (steps 951 to 955), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary". Then click on "Danielle's visit".
 957. Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Talk about Danielle's live stream".
	Jason tells Janice that Danielle makes tons of money on her livestreams. Janice tells him that she does not want to be famous in that way.
	Jason suggests that she could wear a mask. Janice tells him that she needs to think about it.
 958. Go to Jason's room and click on his screen. Click on "Launch browser". Go to the "Fetish Outfits" store, scroll down and try to buy the "Suit with mask - Size L".
	The moment Jason tries to buy the last suit, someone else bought it. Jason sees that Rachel bought the last suit and wants to ask her to sell it to him.
 959. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	When Rachel asks you to come in, click on "Leave". Get the scene where Rachel opens the door wearing her red robe.
	When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed.
	Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Ask about Latex suit with mask". Jason tells Rachel that she bought the latex suit right under his nose.
	Then he tells her that he is going to participate in Danielle's stream with Janice under the condition that her outfit must be with mask covering her face.
	Danielle lends Jason the latex suit with mask.
 960. Go home and to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Talk about Danielle's live stream".
	Jason asks Janice if she is ready to go to Danielle's livestream. Then Janice asks Jason if he has got an outfit that covers her face entirely.
	Jason agrees and then they go to Danielle.
 961. Later that evening Danielle and Jason start the livestream. Then Janice appears and introduces herself as Janine. As the livestream continues you have 2 options:
	a) "Fuck her": Jason fucks Janice's asshole.
	b) "Fist her" Jason shoves his fist in Janice's asshole and fucks her with it.
	Then the livestream continues with different kinds of naughty sex. Finally, Jason cums on Janice's and Danielle's faces.
	The first time you play this scene, Jason gets half of the money they did on the livestream.
 962. To repeat the livestream with Janice (step 961), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary". Then click on "Livestream with Janice".
	Now choose to let Janice do the livestream with or without the face mask.
 963. The next morning Janice and Jason are on their way home. As they pass the pharmacy, Janice tells Jason that she needs to get more of her special lotion.
	Jason asks her about what kind of special lotion this is. Janice tells him that this lotion is for her butthole to keep it tight.
	They enter the pharmacy and Janice asks Kelly for her special lotion. Kelly invites Janice and Jason to the backroom for a cup of coffee as she looks for the lotion.
 964. In the backroom, Kelly goes away to get the cups of coffee. Now Jason tells Janice that Danielle and he got Kelly really angry.
	As he tries to explain it, Kelly returns with the cups of coffee. While drinking the coffee, Janice and Jason notice a strange aftertaste. Then both pass out.
	A few moments later Janice and Jason are tied up by Kelly in the dungeon. Kelly punishes Janice because Jason drugged Kelly and tied her up in her own dungeon.
	Jason wakes up and Kelly tells Janice that she got a shipment of special experimental pills that should make Janice ten times as horny.
	Now Kelly gets a phone call and has to leave. Then Jason manages to free himself. Jason goes to Janice and wants to free her too.
	As Jason tries to free Janice, he notices that her thighs and the floor underneath her are wet. Janice asks Jason to untie her.
	Jason hesitates and asks her if she enjoyed getting tortured by Kelly. Jason slaps Janice's tits and asks her if she liked being Kelly's slave.
	Janice admits that she loved being Kelly's slave. Now Jason slaps Janice's ass and she tells him that she loves it. Then Jason fucks Janice's pussy while choking her.
	Jason bends Janice over and fucks her pussy while spanking her ass. Now Jason brings Janice to the cage. Suddenly, the cage door shuts as they are inside the cage.
	Jason did not realize that the door automatically shuts. He apologizes to Janice but she is not mad at him.
	Janice tells Jason that she was surprised that she got so turned on. Janice wants to continue and asks Jason to fuck her asshole.
	As Jason fucks Janice's asshole, his phone rings. The phone lies right outside the cage. Danielle is on the phone and Jason asks her to come to Kelly's dungeon.
	15 minutes later Danielle arrives and opens the cage door. Jason continues to fuck Janice's asshole as Danielle is watching them.
	Finally, Jason cums in Janice's asshole and then they go home.
 965. Janice, Danielle and Jason are in the hot tub. Danielle told Janice how they left Kelly in her own dungeon and why she was so mad.
	Then Jason asks Janice if they should have some fun together, since all three of them are in the hot tub. Danielle would not mind, but Janice disagrees.
 966. To repeat the scene in Kelly's dungeon with Janice (step 964), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary".
	Then click on "Kelly's dungeon with Janice".