0.50  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:510  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 967. Make sure you have done step 671. After school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Ask about sneakers".
	Jason tells Kira that Julia wants to try jogging, but does not have sneakers. He asks her if she has a spare pair of sneakers. Kira has another pair of sneakers.
	She let Jason lend them for a couple of days and tells him that he can find them in her locker.
 968. Go to the locker room and click on Kira's locker (on the right side the seventh locker door from behind). Jason gets the sneakers.
 969. Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Give her the sneakers". Jason gives Julia the sneakers.
	Now Julia asks Jason to go jogging with her.
 970. Jason and Julia are now jogging in the park. They meet Rachel. She asks Julia how long she has been jogging. Julia tells Rachel that she is just a beginner.
	Then Janice calls Jason on the phone. She wants him to come home because the wardrobe fell on the side and she needs help to set it back.
	Finally, Rachel wants to show Julia the best routes for jogging.
 971. Later that day Jason goes to Billy's home and knocks on the door. Jason hears some sounds coming from the inside. Jason wants to check what is going on there.
	Meanwhile in Rachel's bedroom, Rachel massages Julia's back. Julia wants Rachel to massage her even lower, so Julia asks her to take off her pants.
	Rachel takes off Julia's pants and is surprised to see a butt plug inside Julia's asshole. Rachel tells Julia that she is wearing exactly the same butt plug right now.
	Julia asks Rachel to have a look at her butt plug. Rachel agrees to let Julia have a quick peek. Now Julia takes off Rachel's pants.
	Then she takes a look at Rachel's silver butt plug. Julia wants to try out Rachel's butt plug.
	Rachel tells her that they have to go to the bathroom to wash off all the sweat from jogging and to try out their toys there.
 972. Rachel and Julia are now in the jacuzzi. They kiss each other and Julia licks Rachel's pussy. Then Julia pulls Rachel's butt plug out of her asshole.
	Julia licks the butt plug and then Rachel's asshole. Now Jason appears in the bathroom. He locks the door and they start to have some naughty fun.
	Now choose between fucking Rachel's pussy or ass. Then Julia fists Rachel's asshole as Rachel gives Jason a blowjob. Now Jason fucks Julia's pussy.
	Rachel pulls Julia's butt plug out of her asshole and sticks Jason's cock in Julia's asshole. Now Jason fucks Julia's asshole and Rachel fingers Julia's pussy.
	Then Jason fucks Rachel's asshole as suddenly Rachel's husband comes home and calls her. Rachel tells him that she is taking a bath. Now Julia licks Rachel's pussy.
	Rachel's husband tells her that he wants to go out to see a game and that he will be back in a couple of hours. Then Rachel needs to pee.
	Make sure you have done the watersports in the bathroom with Janice (step 51 a b). Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Tell her to pee here": Rachel pees on Julia's face. Then Jason continues to fuck Rachel's asshole.
	b) "Ask her to hold": Jason asks Rachel to hold it for a little bit longer. Then Jason continues to fuck Rachel's asshole and she squirts on Julia's face.
	Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Cum": Jason cums in Rachel's asshole and then Julia licks the cum out of Rachel's asshole.
	b) "Pee": Jason pees in Rachel's asshole and then Rachel squirts Jason's pee out of her asshole on Julia's face.
 973. To repeat the scene with Rachel and Julia in the jacuzzi (step 972), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary".
	Then click on "Rachel and Julia in the bath". Now choose to let Rachel and Julia wear no outfit or choose between 3 different latex outfits.
 974. At least 3 days later go to the living room. Someone rings at the door. It is Rachel who wants to go jogging with Julia, but Julia is not at home.
	Jason agrees to go jogging with Rachel.
 975. Jason and Rachel are now jogging in the park. Jason needs a break and he sits down on the bench while Rachel is doing some stretches.
	Jason wonders if Rachel is wearing her butt plug right now and asks her. She tells him that she actually does. Jason wants to have a quick glance at her butt plug.
	Rachel agrees and Jason pulls off her pants entirely. Rachel tells Jason to hurry up because she does not want to stand there with her bare butt all day.
	Now Jason starts to caress and then lick Rachel's pussy. Then he takes his cock out and fucks Rachel's pussy. Suddenly a stranger comes by.
	Jason hides his face behind Rachel and Rachel hides her face behind her hand. The stranger likes what he sees and Rachel is excited about the situation.
	Then the stranger moves on and Jason cums in Rachel's pussy. Now Jason wants to make a naughty picture and Rachel has an idea for the picture.
	She holds onto the lantern with her hands and spreads her legs. Suddenly Rachel slips and falls on her butt. Jason helps her to stand up.
	Rachel says that her butt hurts so much. Jason asks her if she has pulled out her butt plug because it is gone.
	Rachel tells Jason that she can clearly feel it in her butt, so it must have gone much deeper than it is supposed to. Jason decides to get Rachel to the hospital.
 976. Rachel is now in the hospital bed. Jason says that Rachel did not get any serious injuries. Suddenly Julia comes in.
	She tells Rachel that she totally freaked out when she heard that Rachel is in the hospital. Julia wants Rachel to tell her what exactly happened.
	Rachel refuses to tell her this because it is so embarrassing. Now Jason shows Julia on his phone how it happened. Julia now sees what happened in the park.
	Rachel gets angry and tells them she could have hurt herself seriously. Then she wants Jason to bring her a glass of water.
	As Jason returns to the hospital room door with the glass of water, he suddenly realizes that the green lights at the storage room door are on, so the door is open.
	Jason enters the storage room. Click on the bottles with the red cap and Jason adds the experimental medicine to the water. Now Jason returns to Rachel and Julia.
	He gives Rachel the glass of water and she drinks it. A few moments later Rachel says that it is getting hot in here and that she needs to get some sleep.
	Now Jason and Julia caress Rachel to start some naughty fun with her. Then Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and Rachel licks Julia's pussy. Suddenly Billy appears.
	When you are not on Billy's path, click on "Tell Billy to go away" and the scene continues just like the step 976 b.
	(Billy): Make sure you have done step 675. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Offer Billy to join": Jason tells Billy to join them and that Julia is all here for him. Then Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and asshole and Billy fucks Julia's pussy.
	   Now Jason and Billy take turns fucking Julia's pussy and asshole. The scene continues with Jason fucking Rachel's asshole and Billy fucking Julia's pussy.
	   Then Jason cums in Rachel's asshole and Billy cums in Julia's pussy.
	b) "Tell Billy to go away": Jason tells Billy that his mom is fine and that she is in good hands. He asks him to go home and continue to play his video games.
	   Now Billy goes home and Jason continues to fuck Rachel's pussy while Rachel continues to lick Julia's pussy.
	   Then Jason fucks Rachel's and Julia's pussies and assholes in different positions and cums in Julia's asshole.
	Finally, Kendra enters the hospital room to show them Rachel's butt plug. She is stunned to see all the filthy mess.
 977. To repeat the scene with Rachel at the park (step 975), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary". Then click on "Rachel at the park".
 978. To repeat the scene with Rachel and Julia at the hospital (step 976), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary".
	Then click on "Rachel at the hospital". Now choose to let Rachel and Julia wear no outfit or choose between 3 different latex outfits.