0.51  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:510  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 979.	Make sure you have done the steps 965 and 976. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. Jason wakes up and hears some noises coming from the hot tub. Then he goes to the hot tub.
 980. In the hot tub, Danielle tells Janice about a guy whose tool was quite a big one. Jason joins them in the hot tub and asks Danielle whose tool was quite a big one.
	Danielle tells him that they are just sharing old stories from college times. Jason asks Danielle if the guy's dick was bigger than his.
	Janice gets sleepy and goes to take a shower before heading to bed. Jason asks Danielle again if that guy's dick was bigger than his after all.
	Danielle tells Jason that it is hard to say, because it was a long time ago. Jason asks Danielle to let him refresh her memories.
	Danielle agrees and Jason sucks on Danielle's tit. Now Danielle tells him that they should not do it while Janice is sleeping.
	She also tells Jason that it does not feel right doing it behind Janice's back. Jason agrees and tells Danielle that they should go and ask Janice to join them.
	Danielle mentions that Janice wanted to go to bed. Jason says that Janice wanted to go to bed after a quick shower.
	He also says that if they hurry up, she might be still taking a shower. Now Danielle and Jason head to the bathroom.
 981. In the bathroom, Danielle and Jason sneak up on Janice. After mentioning that she is tired, Janice agrees that some fun before sleep would not hurt.
	Now Janice, Danielle and Jason have a steamy threesome. In the further course, Jason fucks Janice's and Danielle's asshole.
	Then you can choose to switch between Janice's and Danielle's asshole or "Continue" to fuck Danielle's asshole. Finally, Jason cums over Janice's and Danielle's asses.
	Jason tells Danielle that it is pretty late right now and the streets are not safe at this time nowadays. Then he asks her to stay overnight.
	Janice agrees and Jason tells Danielle that she can even sleep with them in their bed.
 982. In the bedroom at night, Jason wakes up having a boner. Jason tries to wake up Janice and Danielle. Danielle wakes up and gives Jason a handjob.
	Then he asks Danielle if she could use her other parts of her body for solving his problem. Now you can choose to fuck Danielle's pussy or ass.
	After Jason cums in Danielle's pussy or ass, they both fall asleep.
 983. The next morning Julia wakes up Jason asking him where Janice is. Julia tells him that Janice is not at home and she does not pick up her phone.
	Jason says that Janice maybe just went to the store. Julia answers him that Janice left her wallet and purse at home and that she never goes shopping this early.
	Now Danielle wakes up asking what is going on. Jason tells her that Janice is gone. Julia says that Janice is nowhere to be found.
	Julia also says that all her personal stuff is here at home and never leaves this early without telling anyone.
	Danielle tells them she has some ideas as to where Janice might have gone and that she is going to check it. Then Danielle asks Jason to look for clues here at home.
	Now go to the living room, then to the bathroom. Click on Janice's phone laying left to the sink. Jason reads the messages on Janice's phone.
	Jason learns that Kelly is blackmailing Janice for bringing Jason to the dungeon and that Janice went to Kelly to stop her from making calls.
	Jason realizes that the visit to the pharmacy store (steps 963 and 964) was not accidental.
 984. Jason is now at the dungeon and sees that Kelly is punishing Janice. Michelle is also there. She is tied up and unconscious. Then Kelly goes to Michelle.
	Kelly tells Janice that Kira told Michelle about their dungeon sessions and that Michelle paid her a visit to tell her to leave her daughter alone.
	Kelly also tells Janice that Michelle tried to threaten her. Then Kelly wants to get some tools for a more pleasant conversation with Michelle.
	As soon as Jason says that Kelly is almost there, you have 2 options:
	a) "Grab her!". You have five seconds to click on this. Jason grabs Kelly and fixes her. Janice gets Kelly's dildo from her strap-on and fucks Kelly's pussy with it.
	   Then Jason fucks Kelly's pussy while Janice fucks Kelly's mouth with the dildo. Now they free Kelly and go to the bed. Then Janice fucks Kelly's asshole.
	   While Janice fucks Kelly's asshole with the dildo, Jason fucks Janice's pussy and asshole. Then Janice and Jason free Danielle and lay her on the bed.
	   Now they fix Kelly again and Janice fucks her pussy while Jason spanks Kelly's ass. Jason now fucks Kelly's asshole while Janice still fucks Kelly's pussy.
	   Then Janice tells Jason to fist Kelly's asshole. Jason slides his hand and nearly his whole underarm in Kelly's asshole.
	   Then Janice thinks that they punished Kelly enough. She tells Jason that she is sure that Kelly will think twice next time doing something stupid like this.
	   Finally, Janice and Jason take Michelle. Then they go home.
	b) When you do not click on "Grab her!", Kelly grabs Jason and fixes him. Then Kelly continues to punish Janice. Now she forces Janice to lick Jason's asshole.
	   Then Kelly fucks Jason's asshole with her strap-on and forces Janice to suck Jason's cock. Now Janice frees Jason and they go to the bed.
	   Janice continues to suck Jason's cock and Kelly continues to fuck Jason's asshole. Then Kelly forces Jason to enter Janice's pussy. Now Jason fucks Janice's pussy.
	   Then Kelly goes away to get a bigger toy and Janice tells Jason that this is the moment. Janice sneaks up on Kelly and grabs her.
	   Janice tells Kelly that she will not hurt Jason anymore. Kelly fights back and Jason helps Janice to subdue Kelly.
	   Finally, Janice and Jason fix Kelly and free Michelle. Then they go home.
 985. Janice and Jason lay Michelle in Janice's bed. Janice is worried about what Kelly did to Michelle and is pretty sure that Kelly fed her up with sleeping pills.
	Now Jason asks Janice about the agreement with Kelly and what it was about. Janice tells Jason that Kelly found out the whole truth about Jason's birth and adoption.
	Janice also tells Jason that Kelly threatened her to report her and that Janice would lose him, so she had no other choice.
	Jason convinces Janice that there is nothing to worry about and that he totally understands, because he could not live without Janice.
	Then Janice goes to take a hot shower. Jason stays with Michelle to keep an eye on her and wonders what she is dreaming about.
 986. Michelle has a dream about being in a strange realm. A Protector appears who tells Michelle that he is protecting this realm from filthy invaders like Michelle.
	He fucks Michelle's mouth while telling her this. Michelle pushes him away from her and tells him that she is not one of them.
	The Protector tells Michelle that he could show her a few tricks that will surprise her. Michelle answers him that she has seen everything in her life.
	Then the Protector starts to suck on Michelle's tit as suddenly a second Protector appears. The second Protector licks Michelle's asshole.
	The Protector tells Michelle that it is him too and that he can be in several places at the same time. Then they start having sex in different positions.
	Finally, the Protector cums all over Michelle.
 987.	Meanwhile, Jason came inside Michelle's asshole as Janice appears. She asks Jason what he was thinking and what if Michelle wakes up.
	Jason tells Janice that she has been sleeping for hours and he is sure that she will be out until the morning. Suddenly Michelle wakes up.
	She asks what is happening and where she is.
 988. To repeat the hot tub scene (step 980), the bathroom scene (step 981) and the bedroom scene (step 982) with Janice and Danielle, go to sleep in Jason's bed.
	Jason randomly wakes up at night and hears some noises coming from the pool. Click on "Go check the hot tub".
 989. To repeat the scene in Kelly's dungeon (step 984), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary".
	Then click on "Follow Janice to the Kelly's dungeon".
 990. To repeat Michelle's dream (step 986), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary". Then click on "Michelle's dream".