The Twist Walkthrough (0.52)
============================
This walkthrough complies with version 0.52.
The template is KsT's original walkthrough.


Content
=======
(1) Characters
(2) Cheats
(3) Items to buy
(4) Minigame
(5) Opening hours
(6) Outfit score of Julia
(7) Remarks about characters
(8) Sleeping bed
(9) Walkthrough


(1) Characters
==============
Jason............Main character, you slip into his role
Janice...........Jason's and Julia's mother (stepmother?)
Julia............Jason's sister (stepsister?)
Billy............Rachel's son, Jason's schoolmate
Kelly............Pharmacist at the pharmacy shop
Emma.............Jason's neighbor
Shady guy........Dealer at the school
John.............Jason's and Julia's father (stepfather?), Janice's husband
Rebecca..........Jason's math teacher
Kevin............Jason's schoolmate
Adrianna.........Photographer at the studio
Red hoodie guy...Dealer at the beach
Rachel...........Billy's mother
Danielle.........Jason's and Julia's aunt, Janice's sister
Kira.............Michelle's daughter, cheerleader captain
Receptionist.....Yuki, receptionist at the hospital
Mike.............Kira's boyfriend
Kendra...........Emma's niece, nurse at the hospital
Michelle.........Kira's mother
Steve............Rebecca's (ex-)husband, Michelle's fiancé


(2) Cheats
==========
Go to the hallway by day. Hold C while pressing H. Within the cheats window you can do this:

- Increase money in steps of $50.
- Restore energy.
- Restock supplies to 3 (Suncream, Condoms, Lube) and 20 (Vitamine X, Plan B pills, Sleeping pills, Lactation pills).
- Increase/decrease the relation score in steps of 5 for each of the female characters (except the receptionist).
- Increase/decrease the gentle/rough score in steps of 1 of Janice (-15 to +15), Rebecca (-10 to +10), Adrianna (-15 to +15), Rachel (-10 to +10).
- Change the pregnancy duration of Janice to 30 (default), 90, 130 or 270 days. This only works when Janice is already pregnant.
- Increase the outfit score of Julia in steps of 1 (up to 120).
- Change the appearance of Danielle (tattoo and piercing). This works after step 272.
- Reset Billy's path.
- Change John's status (home or kicked out). This only works after you have decided on John's fate (step 474).


(3) Items to buy
================
One unit of an item contains 3 or 20 pieces. The pieces also indicate the maximum you can have in the inventory.
When an item is not on its maximum number of pieces, you can buy a new unit. You always pay the full price.

Pharmacy shop:				Shady guy:
Suntan Lotion.....3 pieces  ($20)	Vitamine X Pack...20 pieces ($400)
Condoms...........3 pieces  ($20)
Lube..............3 pieces  ($30)
Plan B pills.....20 pieces ($200)
Sleeping pills...20 pieces ($100)


(4) Minigame
============
During some scenes there is a minigame. It has a bar and a floating line. In the middle of the bar there is a yellow segment.
You have to click on the text on the right side when the floating line is over the yellow segment of the bar.
Cheat: Press C to override this. The eye turns red. Now you can click on the text on the right side at any time.


(5) Opening hours
=================
School..........Weekdays (13:00 to 17:00)
Pharmacy shop...Weekdays (13:00 to 19:00)
Shady guy.......Weekdays (18:00 to 22:00)


(6) Outfit score of Julia
=========================
With each outfit Julia wears, she can reach different maximum outfit scores. One outfit score is equal to one day.
When Julia's outfit score is 10 or higher, she wears the outfit everywhere by day. When her outfit score is 30 or higher, she wears the outfit also at night.
When you choose a latex outfit and her outfit score is 50 or higher, she wears it also at the pool. To check Julia's outfit score, go to the hallway by day.
Hold C while pressing H. This list describes the name of Julia's outfit and its maximum outfit score to reach wearing the respective outfit:

Daily clothes..................1
The X-mas outfit..............20
Black lingerie................20
Underwear.....................20
Leotard with sleeves..........40
Latex leotard.................40
Latex suit "Love".............60
Condom catsuit...............100
Condom catsuit "Slick".......100
Condom catsuit with corset...100
Latex suit "Shameless".......120
Latex suit "Bare butt".......120


(7) Remarks about characters
============================
- On day 60 John appears (step 350). John stays at home for 7 days and is away for 14 days. Steps with the remark (John) mean that John must be at home to do these steps.
  As long as John is at home, Janice and Julia refuse to change their clothes. With the steps 473 and 474 you decide on John's fate.
- On day 100 Danielle appears (step 271). Choose her appearance (tattoo and/or piercing or none of them).
- You can choose to let Janice or Julia visit Jason at night. Make sure Janice's score is 250 or higher, Julia's score is 260 or higher and Jason's bed is his sleeping bed.
  The last one you ask will visit Jason at night:
	a) Janice: Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Ask her to visit you at night". Go to sleep in Jason's bed.
	b) Julia: Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Ask her to visit you at night". Go to sleep in Jason's bed.
- Beginning with step 230, Jason can send text messages to Adrianna until 19:00.
  If she informs Jason to text her later, click on "Text to Adrianna" until she gives Jason a positive answer.
- Beginning with step 343, Billy can be involved in events with Janice. These steps and events have the remark (Billy) and are completely optional.
  The prerequisite for this is that you have done step 265 b.
- Beginning with step 687, Janice can get pregnant. These steps and events have the remark (Pregnancy).


(8) Sleeping bed
================
At 23:00 Jason goes to sleep. You can choose between different sleeping beds after some game progression.
Go to the respective room until 22:00 to set a bed as the default sleeping bed:

Jason's room...Jason's bed is the default sleeping bed from the beginning. When Jason's bed is not his sleeping bed:
		   Go to Jason's room, click on the bed and on "Set as sleeping bed". Jason's bed is then his sleeping bed again.
Bedroom........See step 62.
Julia's room...See step 156.

- When John is at home, Jason's bed becomes the default sleeping bed. After John leaves, you can choose Janice's or Julia's bed as the sleeping bed again.
  After you have decided on John's fate in step 474, this no longer happens.
- When Janice's bed is the sleeping bed and Janice becomes mad at Jason, Jason's bed becomes the default sleeping bed.
  After Janice is no longer mad at Jason, you can choose her bed as the sleeping bed again.


(9) Walkthrough
===============
Each of the following segments indicate the original game version and the maximum score for each female character at the end of the respective segment.
Kelly's score can be higher because her score increases by 5 by buying an item at the pharmacy shop. Her score indicates the maximum without buying the items.


0.04  Janice:240  Julia:160  Kelly:60  Emma:65
----------------------------------------------
   1. Go to the dining room. Click on the cabinet door left to Jason. He gets a whisky bottle.
   2. Go to the kitchen. Click on the fridge. Jason gets a lemonade.
   3. Catch Janice drinking whisky in the dining room (15:00 or 19:00). Click on "Sit by the table". Janice's whisky bottle is empty.
	Jason gives Janice a new whisky bottle in exchange for telling him about the argument she and his dad had the other night.
	Now Janice and Jason have a talk about the argument and she confirms that Jason and Julia are adopted.
   4. Catch Julia in the living room checking her phone and click on "Sit next to her" or catch Julia sitting in the tub by the pool and click on "Approach her".
	Jason tells Julia that they are adopted. She does not believe him.
   5. Repeat the following scenes to increase Janice's score:
	a) Go to the kitchen and get the scene where Janice asks Jason to pick up the sponge for her. Then Jason picks up the sponge for Janice.
	   As he gets back up, Jason slides his face into Janice's crotch. Janice's score increases by 5 (up to 40).
	b) Catch Janice in the living room reading a book. Click on "massage shoulders". Janice's score increases by 5 (up to 50).
   6. Make sure you complete at least one of the following scenes:
	a) Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!". When Janice's score is a least 35, click on "move her leg".
	   Janice's score increases by 10. Jason says: "Wow...nice view". Then click on "leave her be" to end the scene.
	b) Go to the bedroom when Janice is taking a nap (between 20:00 and 22:00). Click on "Get on the bed". Now Jason caresses Janice's ass.
	   There is a 50 % chance Janice catches Jason touching her ass. Repeat this until Jason says: "Wow! She really does have the best ass in the world!".
   7. Go to the bathroom, then to the room with the jacuzzi. Now pan the camera completely down and click on Janice's panties laying on the floor.
   8. Catch Julia sitting in the tub by the pool and click on "Approach her". Jason gives Julia the lemonade and sits next to her in the tub.
	Jason convinces Julia that they are adopted. Julia's score increases by 10. This unlocks Julia's scenes in the living room (step 9).
   9. Catch Julia crying in the living room. Click on "Get closer". There are 2 scenes, depending on Julia's score.
	a) When Julia's score is lower than 30, Julia tells Jason that her boyfriend Rick said some mean things to her. Jason comforts and hugs her.
	   Julia's score increases by 5 (up to 30).
	b) When Julia's score is 30 or higher, Julia tells Jason that her boyfriend Rick said that her boobs are pathetic. Jason comforts and hugs her.
	   Then Jason touches her tit (with her shirt on). With a chance of 50 % Jason convinces Julia to take her shirt off. Then he touches her tit and sucks on it.
	   Jason tells Julia that her boobs are definitely not pathetic. Julia kisses Jason and thanks him for cheering her up. Julia's score increases by 10 (up to 50).
	   For 100 % success, Julia's score must be 50 or higher.
  10. Go to the living room while Julia is taking a shower (21:00, 22:00 and additionally between 8:00 and 10:00 on weekends). Click on her phone laying on the table.
	When you have to enter the password, click on "Cancel".
  11. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and then click on "Buy something". Buy the "Suntan Lotion".
	Then click on "Back" and "Chat" to have a talk with her. Kelly introduces herself to Jason and Jason introduces himself to Kelly.
  12. Repeat the following scenes to increase Janice's score:
	a) Make sure you play this scene at least once. Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!".
	   Now click on "move her leg" and "touch it". Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 80).
	b) Go to the kitchen and wait for Janice washing the dishes. Click on "Touch her". Jason caresses Janice's ass. Finally, click on "Stop".
	   Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 100).
  	c) Make sure you have suncream (step 11). Go to the pool and catch Janice sunbathing on the towel. Click on "Approach her".
	   Jason puts suncream on Janice's back and asscheeks. Finally, Click on "Don't do it". Janice's score increases by 5 (up to 100).
  13. Make sure Janice's score does not exceed 110 when you play this step. Catch Janice in the living room reading a book.
	Click on "massage shoulders" and "Touch her boobs". Jason caresses Janice's boobs and kisses her. Janice's score increases by 5 (up to 110).
  14. Make sure Janice's score is 100 or higher. Go to the kitchen and wait for Janice washing the dishes. Click on "Touch her". Jason caresses Janice's ass.
	Now click on "Continue" and Jason caresses Janice's crotch.
  15. Wake up at night and go to the living room. There can be 2 scenes:
	a) No one is in the living room: Click on the TV and choose "Continue watching". The first time you do this, Jason gets +10 total energy (now at 15).
	   Make sure Janice's score is 100 or higher and you have done step 12 a. When Janice appears, click on "With your hand". Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 150).
	   (When Jason has less than $80, he can steal some money from Janice. Go directly to the bedroom instead of watching TV and click on "Just stay in a room".
	   Now click on the bag on the left armchair.)
	b) Julia is in the living room watching porn: Click on "Speak to her". There are 3 scenes, depending on the progress with her:
		a) Julia's score is lower than 40 and Jason has not touched her tit and has not sucked on her tit in the living room (step 9):
		   Julia asks Jason to leave her alone.
		b) Julia's score is between 40 and 80 and Jason touched her tit and sucked on her tit in the living room (step 9):
		   Julia lets Jason rub her pussy (with her panties on). Click on "Go back to sleep". Julia's score increases by 5 (up to 100).
		c) Julia's score is 90 or higher and Jason touched her tit and sucked on her tit in the living room (step 9):
		   Julia lets Jason rub her pussy (with her panties on). Click on "Ask take off her clothing". Julia takes off her panties.
		   Then she lets Jason fingerfuck her until she squirts. Julia's score increases by 10 (up to 160).
  16. Make sure your energy is 15 (step 15 a). Go home and to Jason's room. Click on "Sniff Mom's panties". Jason gets +10 total energy (now at 25).
  17. The next day after school, approach Billy. Jason tells him that he and Julia are adopted. When Jason is in his room, go back to the school and approach Billy again.
	Click on "Sell mom's panties". He gives Jason $50.
  18. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Electronics" store and buy the "Spy Camera".
  19. Go to the bathroom and click on the shower to hide the spy camera in there. Come back at least the next day and click on the shower. Choose "Download video".
	When Jason receives no video, come back the next day. When Jason receives the video, click on the shower again and choose "Take camera".
	(You can watch "Video 001" in Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Video Library".)
  20. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Sell Video001". He gives Jason $50.
  21. Go to the bedroom and click on the painting to hide the spy camera. Come back at least the next day and click on the painting. Choose "Download video".
 	When Jason receives no video, come back the next day. When Jason receives the video, click on the painting again and choose "Pick up camera".
	(You can watch "Video 002" in Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Video Library".)
  22. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Sell Video002". He gives Jason $30 and a screwdriver.
  23. Go home and to the living room. When no one is there and no one is in the bathroom, click on the bathroom door and on "Use screwdriver".
  24. Catch Julia in the dining room. Choose "Sit next to her". Jason and Julia have a talk about a password for a phone.
  25. Go to the living room while Julia is taking a shower (21:00, 22:00 and between 8:00 and 10:00 on weekends). Click on her phone.
	Then click on "Enter password..." and enter "Rick". Finally, click on "OK".
  26. The next day after school, approach Billy and click on "Chat". Jason and Billy have a talk about Kelly. Now click on "Ask about anal".
	Billy does not know what this is and cannot help Jason.
  27. Make sure you have suncream (step 11). Go to the pool and catch Janice sunbathing on the towel. Click on "Approach her".
	Jason puts suncream on Janice's back and asscheeks. Click on "Jump on her" and Jason rubs his crotch on Janice's crotch.
	Then he takes his cock out, strokes it and cums on Janice's ass. When Janice's score is 135 or higher, click on "Lick it" and Jason licks his cum off Janice's ass.
  28. Wake up at night and go to the living room. When no one is there, click on the TV and choose "Continue watching". When Janice appears, click on "With your mouth".
  29. Make sure Kelly's score is 15 or higher. Go to the pharmacy shop at 13:00 or between 15:00 and 19:00 and click on "Go in".
	Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and then click on "Buy something". Buy the "Condoms". Then click on "Back" and "Chat" to have a talk with Kelly.
	She says that her coffee break is at 14:00. Now click on "Ask about anal". Kelly tells Jason it has something to do with the butthole.
  30. Go home and to the living room. Catch Janice there reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Chat". Jason asks Janice about his real parents.
	Janice tells Jason that they brought him home from the hospital the day after he was born and never met his real mom.
  31. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly. She tells Jason that she worked at the hospital in town.
  32. Go home and to the living room. Catch Janice there reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Chat". Jason asks Janice about the hospital he was adopted from.
	Janice tells Jason that there is only one hospital in town.
  33. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly. Jason tells her that she is hotter than any girl at his school.
	When Kelly's score is 40 or lower, it increases by 5. Jason tells Kelly that he and his sister were adopted and that they were born in the hospital she worked at.
	Kelly confirms that she worked at the hospital pharmacy around the time he was born there. She tells Jason that a friend of hers worked at the hospital archives.
	She may still know someone there. Finally, Kelly tells Jason that she will try to contact her.
  34. Make sure Kelly's score is 25 or higher. Go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her".
	Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee. Finally, click on "Finish your coffee". Kelly's score increases by 5.
	Repeat this to increase Kelly's score up to 60.
  35. Go home and to the dining room. Catch Janice drinking whisky (15:00 or 19:00). Click on "Sit by the table". When Janice falls asleep, click on "Drop her on the table".
	Jason takes off Janice's pants. Now click on "Continue with ass". Jason plays with his finger on Janice's asshole and licks her asshole from the outside and inside.
  36. The next day go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and "Ask about her friend".
	It turns out that Kelly's friend is Emma, Jason's neighbor.
  37. Go to Emma's house until 19:00 and knock on the door. After Jason tells Emma that Kelly told him about her, Jason asks Emma to have a talk inside the house.
	Emma's score increases by 5. Jason explains that he is adopted and she could help him to find his real parents.
	Emma tells Jason that she knows one or two people at the hospital who could help him. Jason offers her to help around the house.
	Emma tells him to mow the lawn every Thursday.
  38. Make sure you have the spy camera. Go to Emma's house on Thursday until 19:00 and knock on the door. Emma asks Jason to come inside. Now click on "Mow the lawn".
	After Jason mowed Emma's lawn, Emma's score increases by 5 and she gives Jason $50. Now click on "Ask for glass of water".
	When Emma leaves the room, click on the TV to set up the spy camera.
  39. The next Thursday go to Emma's house until 19:00 again and knock on the door. Emma asks Jason to come inside. Now click on "Mow the lawn".
	After Jason mowed Emma's lawn, Emma's score increases by 5 and she gives Jason $50. Now click on "Ask for glass of water".
	When Emma leaves the room, click on the TV and choose "Download recording". Click on the TV again and choose "Pick up spycam" and "Just wait".
	(You can watch "Video 003" in Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Video Library".)
  40. The next Thursday go to Emma's house until 19:00 and knock on the door. Emma asks Jason to come inside. Now click on "Mow the lawn".
	After Jason mowed Emma's lawn, Emma's score increases by 5 (up to 65) and she gives Jason $50.
  41. Go home and to the living room. Catch Janice there reading a book. Click on "massage shoulders" and "Touch her boobs".
	Jason caresses Janice's boobs, sucks on one of them and licks her nipple. Then Jason takes Janice's pants off and licks her pussy. Now click on "Continue".
	Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 170). Only click on "Try to fuck" when Janice's score is 170 or higher and your energy is 30 or higher (see step 53).
  42. Make sure Kelly's score is 35 or higher. Go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her".
	Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee. Kelly goes to the restroom. After she returns, ask her about anal.
	Kelly refuses to talk about it and her score decreases by 10.
  43. The next day after school, approach Billy and chat with him. Jason tells Billy that he is pretty sure that Kelly knows what anal is.
	He says that Kelly is reluctant to talk about it. Billy tells Jason he could try to drug Kelly to make her talk about anal.
	He also tells Jason that he knows a guy who has what he needs. Billy asks Jason to bring him a nice picture with Janice in return.
  44. Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!". Now click on "move her leg", "touch it" and "Pull aside".
	Jason reveals Janice's pussy. Then click on "Take picture" and Jason takes a picture of Janice's pussy.
  45. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Talk about the guy" and Jason shows Billy the photo.
	Billy tells Jason that the guy does business at the school in the evenings and that he should be able to find him here.
  46. Go to the school at 18:00 or later and approach the shady guy. Jason introduces himself to the shady guy. He tells Jason that he has got what Jason is interested in.
	The shady guy asks Jason to pay him $50. Click on "Pay $50" to buy the "Vitamine X". The shady guy tells Jason that he just has to put it into a drink.
	Then the person will say or do nearly anything. Approach the shady guy again and buy the "Stamina pill" for $100.
	The stamina pill gives Jason +10 total energy (now at 35).
  47. The next day go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee.
	After Kelly goes to the restroom, click on "Put VitamineX into the coffee". After Kelly returns, click on "Ask about anal".
	Jason asks Kelly if she can tell him exactly what anal means. Kelly tells Jason that she can teach him everything he needs to know. Finally, click on "How to do anal".
	(To repeat this step and finally choose "How it feels", see step 618.)
  48. Go to the pharmacy shop again and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and then click on "Ask about energy pills". Kelly gives Jason the energy pills.
	The energy pills give Jason +10 total energy (now at 45). Click on "Buy something". Buy the "Lube".
  49. Make sure you have condoms and lube. Wake up at night. Go to the pool and wait for Julia. If she does not appear, try it the next night.
	Julia is crying and tells Jason that Rick wants to something that she has never done before. Jason guesses that Rick wants to have anal sex with Julia.
	Julia is afraid to mess it up and that Rick will leave her. Jason offers Julia to train anal sex properly. Julia would do anything for Rick, so she wants to do it.
	Jason and Julia go to Jason's room to have anal sex. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside". Julia's score increases by 10 (up to 160).
  50. To repeat the anal training with Julia (step 49), go to the pool at night and wait for Julia. Now click on "Talk about anal" to continue.
  51. Go to the bathroom while Janice is taking a shower or Julia is in the jacuzzi:
	a) Janice (between 20:00 and 22:00): Click on "Continue watching". Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Join her": You have 2 options:
			a) "Ask her to turn around": Jason sucks on Janice's tit. Click on "Use her thighs" to let Jason rub his cock between Janice's thighs.
			   Finally, Jason cums on Janice's pussy. Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 180).
			b) "Touch her butt": Jason touches Janice's butt. Click on "Take a closer look" and Jason licks Janice's ass. Finally, Jason cums on Janice's back.
			   Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 140).
		b) "Continue watching": Make sure Jason had sex with Janice at least once. Jason gets caught by Janice spying on her. Janice's score decreases by 5.
		   After Janice catches Jason for the fourth time, she puts him over her knee and spanks his ass.
		   Now go to the bathroom while Janice is using the toilet (between 20:00 and 22:00). Click on "Peek". Janice spreads her legs and lets Jason watch her pee.
		   Go back to the bathroom twice while Janice is using the toilet to extend the scene each time.
		   Finally, choose to pee in Janice's mouth or let Janice pee in Jason's mouth.
	b) Julia (21:00, 22:00 and additionally between 8:00 and 10:00 on weekends): Make sure Julia's score is 40 or higher. Click on "Continue watching".
	   With a chance of 50 % Julia wants Jason to come closer. For 100 % success, Julia's score must be 80 or higher. Julia's score increases up to 90.
	   Now Julia gives Jason a blowjob. When you click on "Cum on face" and "Kiss her", Julia's score increases by 5 (up to 80).
	   When Julia's score is 90 or higher, click on "Fuck the titties" (needs 10 or higher energy) or "Repeat the lesson" (needs lube and 20 or higher energy).
	   Then Jason fucks Julia's tits or ass. Julia's score increases by 10 (up to 130).
  52. Catch Janice drinking whisky in the dining room. Click on "Sit by the table". Janice falls asleep drunk. Now click on "Drop her on the table". You have 2 options:
	a) "Continue with ass": Make sure you have condoms, lube and 10 or higher energy. Jason takes Janice's pants off and licks her ass. Now click on "Try to fuck".
	   Jason puts some lube on Janice's ass and fucks her ass. Finally, he cums in Janice's ass.
	b) "Continue with pussy": Make sure you have 20 or higher energy. Jason takes Janice's pants off and licks her pussy. Click on "Fuck her".
	   Jason fucks Janice's pussy and then he takes her top off. He continues to fuck Janice's pussy. Then Janice wakes up and doesn't realize that Jason is fucking her.
	   Finally, she goes to the bathroom. 
  53. Make sure you have condoms, 30 or higher energy and Janice's score is 170 or higher. Catch Janice in the living room reading a book.
	Click on "massage shoulders" and "Touch her boobs". Jason caresses Janice's boobs, sucks on one of them and licks her nipple. Now click on "Try to fuck". 
	Jason shows Janice his hard cock and takes Janice's pants off. Then his puts a condom on. Now Jason fucks Janice in different positions.
	Finally, choose between "Cum inside", "Cum outside" and "Cum on her face". Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 210).
  54. After Jason has fucked Janice 3 times, she starts to appear randomly in Jason's room at night. Go to sleep in Jason's bed.
	When Janice enters Jason's room, she asks him if she can come in. Click on "Sure" and "Touch her". Janice gives Jason a blowjob. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Tits": Jason fucks Janice's tits. Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Keep going": Jason fucks Janice's tits and cums on her face. Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 240).
		b) "Continue in mouth": Jason fucks Janice's mouth. Finally, click on "Cum on her face" or "Cum in her throat". Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 240).
	b) "Pussy": Click on "Take off bottom wear", "Take off top and bottom wear", "Take off the suit" or "Undress completely". Then click on "Use condom".
	   Choose between "Be gentle" and "Be rough". When you choose to be gentle, Janice's gentle/rough score increases by 1. When you choose to be rough, it decreases by 1.
	   When Janice's gentle/rough score reaches +5 or -5, you see additional animations, depending on your choice.
	   Finally, click on "Cum on her pussy" or "Cum on her face". Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 240).
  55. Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!" to continue the scene.
	You can also continue the scene by clicking on "Talk about Tanlines". Click on "Swimsuit" to see Janice naked.
	Now use the "Tan Intensity" and "Tan Lines Intensity" sliders to change Janice's tan. Then choose between different tan lines. Finally, click on "Done".
	Now click on "move her leg", "touch it" and "Pull aside". Jason reveals Janice's pussy. Then click on "Touch her pussy", "Do it!" and "Finger her".
	Jason fucks Janice's pussy with one finger. Janice wakes up and wants Jason to show her his hard cock. Then she strokes Jason's cock and gives him a blowjob.
	Suddenly, Julia appears and catches Janice and Jason.
  56. Catch Julia sitting in the tub by the pool and click on "Approach her" and "Talk about Incident with mom".
	Jason and Julia have a talk about the blowjob Janice gave Jason. At the end of the conversation Jason believes that Julia is jealous. 
  57. Catch Janice drinking coffee in the dining room. Click on "Come closer" and "Talk about Julia". Another option is in the living room when Janice is reading a book.
	Click on "Talk to her" and "Talk about the incident". Jason tells Janice that Julia is jealous and that she likes her more than just as a mom.
  58. The next day after school, approach Billy and choose "Talk about mom". Jason tells Billy that Janice gave him a blowjob at the pool.
	Billy gets jealous and asks Jason if Janice would give him a blowjob. Jason refuses and tells Billy that this will never happen.
  59. Now Billy appears sometimes outside the pool area between 15:00 and 18:00. He asks Jason if he can watch Janice giving Jason a blowjob.
	Then click "Allow him to watch". Jason asks Billy to give him $100 to watch. He pays Jason $100.
  60. Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!". Now click on "move her leg", "touch it" and "Pull aside".
	Jason reveals Janice's pussy. Then click on "Touch her pussy", "Do it!" and "Finger her". Jason fucks Janice's pussy with one finger.
	Janice wakes up and wants Jason to show her his hard cock. Then she strokes Jason's cock and gives him a blowjob. Billy appears behind the bushes and watches them.
	Janice continues giving Jason a blowjob. Finally, Janice strokes Jason's cock and he cums on her face.
  61. Make sure you have suncream and Julia's score is 150 or higher. There is a chance to catch Janice and Julia sunbathing at the pool. Click on "Approach them".
	Julia asks Jason to put some sun lotion on her. As he puts the sun lotion on Julia, she asks Jason what he thinks about tan.
	Now click on "Swimsuit" to see Julia naked. Use the "Tan Intensity" and "Tan Lines Intensity" sliders to change Julia's tan. 
	Then choose between different tan lines and click on "Done".
  62. Make sure Janice's score is 200 or higher and Jason had sex with her at least 10 times. Now you can choose Janice's bed as Jason's sleeping bed.
	Go to the bedroom when Janice is not in there and click on the bed. Then click on "Set as your sleeping bed".
	When Jason goes to sleep in Janice's bed, click on "Wake her up". Now click on "Ask for a kiss" to have sex with her.


0.05  Janice:240  Julia:160  Kelly:60  Emma:170
-----------------------------------------------
  63. The next day after school, approach Billy. He offers Jason $200 for a blowjob from Janice. Click on "Show him Video003". Billy recognizes the guy in the video.
	It is Rick, Julia's boyfriend.
  64. Go home and to the bedroom. Click on the nightstand on the right side of the bed. Jason takes a "Sleep mask".
  65. Go to the school and approach Billy. Click on "Talk about BJ offer". Jason asks Billy to come to his place at 14:00 and to hide in the bushes by the pool.
  66. Go home and to the pool. Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!".
	Now click on "move her leg", "touch it" and "Pull aside". Jason reveals Janice's pussy. Then click on "Touch her pussy", "Do it!" and "Finger her".
	Jason fucks Janice's pussy with one finger. Janice wakes up and wants Jason to show her his hard cock. Then she strokes Jason's cock.
	Jason asks Janice to put the sleep mask on. Janice puts the sleep mask on and Jason asks Billy to come closer.
	Now Billy sticks his cock in Janice's mouth and she gives him a blowjob. Then Billy cums prematurely in Janice's mouth.
	He goes away and Janice takes the sleep mask off. Then she gives Jason a blowjob. Suddenly, Julia appears and catches Janice and Jason.
  67. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Ask for payment". He pays Jason $200. Billy asks Jason to arrange another blowjob from Janice.
	Jason tells him to decide it soon and let him know.
  68. From now on Billy can get a blowjob from Janice at the pool every 7 days. after school, approach Billy. Click on "Talk about BJ".
	Billy offers Jason $100 for a blowjob from Janice. Click on "Agree" and Jason receives $100 from Billy. Now repeat step 66.
  69. Make sure Emma's score is 40 or higher. Sneak to Emma's backyard while she is exercising. When she is at her pool, click on "Leave".
	She asks Jason to help with her workout. Click on "Agree to help". Now Jason assists Emma with her exercises. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Just finish the exercise": The exercise ends. Emma's score increases by 5 (up to 85). She asks Jason to regularly help her to exercise.
	b) "Rub her butt": Make sure Emma's score is 80 or higher. Jason rubs his abdomen on Emma's butt. She enjoys this and Jason touches Emma's tit.
	   She liked what happened. Emma's score increases by 5 (up to 110). Now they are exercising assisted sit-ups. Jason loses his balance. Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Continue workout": After a couple more sit-ups, the exercise ends.
		b) "Kiss her": Make sure Emma's score is 100 or higher. Jason and Emma kiss each other. Emma's score increases by 10 (up to 140).
		   Now he asks Emma if he can see her tits. She shows Jason her tits and Jason sucks on one of them. Now you have 2 options:
			a) "Kiss her again": They kiss each other again and Emma asks Jason to help her with her workout again.
			b) "Show your dick": Jason shows Emma his hard cock. With a chance of 50 % Emma likes it and her score increases by 10 (up to 170).
			   For 100 % success her score must be 150 or higher. Then Jason fucks Emma's tits. Finally, choose between "Cum on her face" and "Cum in her mouth".
  70. At night Janice sleeps without a blanket and Jason can join her in the bedroom to sleep with her. Make sure Janice's bed is not Jason's sleeping bed. Wake up at night.
	Go to the bedroom and click on "Get on the bed". Jason asks Janice if he can sleep with her tonight. She tells him that he can stay.
	Jason asks Janice if she is feeling lonely, sleeping by herself all the time. She tells him that sometimes it is.
	Now Jason says that she needs the attention of a man and kisses her. He takes Janice's bra off and sucks on one of her tits. Now you have 3 options:
	a) "Take a rest": Jason and Janice fall asleep. Now click on "Keep dreaming". Jason dreams of fucking Janice's ass.
	b) "Get naked": Jason asks Janice to get naked. They both get naked and Jason lays on Janice. Then they fall asleep. Now click on "Keep dreaming".
	   Jason dreams of fucking Janice's pussy and getting her pregnant.
	When you do this on Fridays and Saturdays, Jason wakes up the next morning in the bedroom with Janice giving him a blowjob. Click on "Cum in mouth" or "Cum outside".
	Then go to the dining room. Janice is drinking coffee. Click on "Come closer". Jason asks Janice to sit on the table. Jason licks Janice's pussy.
	Finally, she squirts on Jason's face.
	c) "Sleep": Jason and Janice fall asleep.
  71. Make sure Janice's score is 180 or higher. Go to the bathroom while Janice is taking a shower (between 20:00 and 22:00).
	Click on "Continue watching" and "Join her". Jason washes Janice's back. Now click on "Ask her to turn around". Janice turns around.
	Now Jason puts his head between her tits. Then he sucks on one of Janice's tits. Now click on "Use her thighs". Jason slides his cock between Janice's thighs.
	Now click on "Slide inside". Jason slides his cock in Janice's pussy and fucks her. Janice warns him not to cum inside her pussy.
	Finally, click on "Pull out" and Jason cums on Janice's pussy.
  72. Go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee.
	Kelly goes to the restroom. After she returns, click on "Ask about outfit". Jason asks Kelly where she got the outfit she wore during their anal sex lesson (step 47).
	Kelly tells Jason the address of the website, where he can buy it.
  73. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store and buy the "Pet suit - Dog".
  74. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. When Janice enters Jason's room, she asks him if she can come in. Click on "Sure" and "Give her Dog suit".
	Jason asks Janice to put on the pet suit. Janice puts on the pet suit. Then click on "Go to the pool". Now Jason goes for a walk with Janice at the pool.
	Janice pees and then Jason and Janice go back to his room. Janice tells Jason that she found their roleplaying exciting.
  75. Catch Julia in the living room checking her phone. Click on "Sit next to her" and "Talk about mom". Jason and Julia talk about Janice's upcoming birthday.
	Jason tells Julia that he could arrange a nice surprise for Janice's birthday.
  76. Go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee.
	Kelly goes to the restroom. After she returns, click on "Ask for advice". Jason tells Kelly that his girlfriend’s birthday is coming up.
	He would like to make it very special for her. Kelly recommends a romantic dinner at a nice restaurant, wearing a sexy dress and nice jewelry.


0.06  Janice:250  Julia:210  Kelly:150  Emma:170
------------------------------------------------
  77. Make sure you have Video003 in the inventory. (If you have Video001 or Video002 in the inventory, go to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Video Library".
	Now click on "Video 003" and "Download to USB" to receive Video003.) Catch Julia in the living room checking her phone.
	Click on "Sit next to her" and "Show video with Rick". Jason shows Julia the video where her boyfriend Rick is fucking Emma.
	Julia starts crying and Jason comforts her.
  78. Make sure Julia's score is 80 or higher and you have done step 77. Go to the hallway. Click on Julia's door until 19:00.
	Now make sure the option "Go in" shows up on the right side without Jason saying "Julia seems to be in her room.". Click on "Go in".
	In Julia's room click on the wardrobe and on "Hide inside". Jason hides inside Julia's wardrobe. Then click on "Wait". Later Janice enters Julia's room.
	Janice and Julia have a talk about what happened at the pool. Janice says to Julia that she does not have to be jealous.
	Julia tells Janice that she was not jealous because of Jason, but because of her. Then Julia reveals that she is attracted to her. They start to kiss each other.
	Julia kisses Janice and then they have sex together until both squirt.
  79. Wake up at night and go to Julia's room. Keep doing this until you played the following 3 scenes:
	a) Julia is sleeping in her bed: Click on "Check the wardrobe". Jason hides in Julia's wardrobe. Now Janice comes in and has some fun with Julia's feet.
	b) Julia is sitting on her bed crying: Julia says that her social life is a complete disaster. Jason tells her that she is very beautiful and she could be a model.
	   Jason says that he will help her find a job as a model. Julia's score increases by 5. (Play this scene once again, so Julia's score is 170.)
	c) No one is in the room and Jason asks himself where she could be at this hour: Click on the wardrobe to hide in there. Julia comes in and wonders where Jason is.
	   Then Janice comes in and asks Julia if she has seen Jason. Julia tells her that he maybe is in the bathroom or kitchen. Then Janice turns around and wants to go.
	   Now Julia sees a butt plug in Janice's asshole and asks her to take a closer look. Julia pulls the butt plug out of Janice's asshole.
	   Then she sticks it inside her own asshole. Now Julia takes her butt plug out of the nightstand and sticks it inside Janice's asshole.
	   Finally, they kiss each other and fall asleep.
  80. Go to Julia's room between 20:00 and 22:00. Get the scene where she is standing near the window in lingerie. Jason tells Julia that she is looking amazing.
	Now there can be 2 scenes (50 % by chance):
	a) Janice does not appear: Julia asks Jason if this hard thing she feels is his cock. Click on "Say yes" and Jason shows Julia his hard cock.
	   Now Julia gives Jason a blowjob and asks him if he has a condom. When you do not have at least one condom, Julia continues giving Jason a blowjob.
	   Finally, Jason cums on Julia's face. When you have at least one condom, Jason fucks Julia's pussy. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum on her face".
	   Julia's score increases by 10 (up to 180).
	b) Janice appears: Janice surprises Jason and Julia and asks them whether a threesome sounds like fun. Jason agrees and they get on Julia's bed.
	   Janice and Julia give Jason a blowjob. When you do not have at least one condom, Janice and Julia continue giving Jason a blowjob.
	   At the end of the scene Jason cums on their faces. When you have at least one condom, you have 2 options:
		a) "Use condom": Jason fucks Janice's and Julia's pussies and then Julia's ass (when you also have lube). At the end of the scene Jason cums on their faces.
		b) "Don't use condom": Janice and Julia continue giving Jason a blowjob. At the end of the scene Jason cums on their faces.
	   Janice's and Julia's scores increase by 10 (Janice: up to 250, Julia: up to 210).
  81. Make sure Kelly's score is 50 or higher. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Wait until Kelly is busy. Click on "Sneak to her" and "Pull the skirt".
	For 100 % success, Kelly's score must be 80 or higher, otherwise the chance is 50 %. Kelly's score increases by 5 (up to 85).
	Kelly asks Jason to go to the break room. In the break room, Kelly shows Jason her underwear. When Kelly's score is between 75 and 95, finally click on "Leave it".
  82. Make sure Kelly's score is 100 or higher. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Wait until Kelly is busy. Click on "Sneak to her" and "Pull the skirt".
	She agrees to show Jason her underwear in the break room. Now click on "Take off panties".
	When Kelly's score is 100 or higher and you have 20 or higher energy, click on "Try to fuck". In this case there is a 50 % chance to succeed.
	For 100 % success, Kelly's score must be 110 or higher. To end the scene, you have 2 options:
	a) "Cum inside": Jason cums in Kelly's pussy and her score decreases by 50. Go back to the pharmacy shop and pay Kelly $100 for the pills.
	b) "Cum on her face": Jason cums on Kelly's face and the scene ends. Kelly's score increases by 10 (up to 150).
  83. The next day go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee.
	Kelly goes to the restroom. After she returns, click on "Ask about lingerie".
	Jason tells Kelly that he really liked the lingerie she wore the other day (steps 81 and 82).
	Then he asks Kelly if she could recommend a shop where he can buy a hot dress. Kelly tells Jason that she has a very nice dress that she could sell him.
	Jason wants to see the dress before he buys it. Kelly tells him that she will bring it with her tomorrow.	
  84. The next day go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 again and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee.
	Kelly goes to the restroom. After she returns, click on "Ask about the dress". Kelly goes to put on the dress. Then she returns wearing the red dress.
	Jason is thrilled by the dress and wants to buy it. Click on "Pay her" to pay Kelly $150 for the dress.
  85. Go to Emma's house on Thursday until 19:00 and knock on the door. Emma asks Jason to come inside. Now click on "Mow the lawn".
	After Jason mowed Emma's lawn, she gives him $50. Now click on "Ask for glass of water".
	After she leaves the room, click on the red box on the right side under the TV. Jason opens the box and sees that inside the box is a nice necklace.
	Now click on "Steal it" to steal Emma's necklace. Finally, click on "Just wait".
  86. When Janice's score is 250 or higher, go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. You have 2 options:
	a) "Daily clothes": Choose between different outfits. Now choose the colors for each zone. Choose any outfit except for "Default clothes".
	   When you choose a swimsuit, you can also use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone.
	   Finally, click on "Ask her to wear as daily clothes".
	b) "Swimsuit": Choose between different swimsuits. Now choose the colors for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone.
	   Finally, click on "Ask her to wear this swimsuit".
  87. Go to Jason's room. Julia comes in and talks about Janice walking around in nothing but underwear.
	Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about outfits". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Daily outfits": Choose between "The X-mas outfit", "Black lingerie" and "Underwear". Click on "Done" and "Ask her to wear it all the time".
	   That way, Julia's outfit score increases up to 20. (You cannot choose the color for each zone and cannot use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look.
	   These are only for her latex outfits later in the game and her swimsuits.)
	b) "Swimsuits": Choose the "Default swimsuit". Now choose the colors for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone.
	   Click on "Done". Then click on "Wear it" to let Julia wear the swimsuit on this day or "Wear it as daily as well" to let her wear the swimsuit all the time at home.


0.07  Janice:270  Julia:270  Kelly:150  Emma:170
------------------------------------------------
  88. Go to Emma's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Ask for advice". She recommends the "Star Restaurant".
  89. Go to Jason's room and click on his screen. Click on "Launch browser" and on the "Restaurant" website. Click on "Book Now" to book a table for $200.
  90. Click on the dresser. Jason gets dressed. He presents Janice the dress and the necklace. Later Janice and Jason have a lustful birthday night with anal sex.
  91. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Daily clothes".
	From now on you can also choose "Underwear with stockings" (within "Lingerie").
  92. When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, he can now have anal sex with her. Click on "Sure", "Touch her" and "Ass".
	Click on "Take off bottom wear", "Take off top and bottom wear", "Take off the suit" or "Undress completely".
	When you choose to use the lube, Janice's gentle/rough score increases by 1. When you choose to not use the lube, it decreases by 1.
	Choose between "Be gentle" and "Be rough". When you choose to be gentle, Janice's gentle/rough score increases by 1. When you choose to be rough, it decreases by 1.
	When Janice's gentle/rough score reaches +5 or -5, you see additional animations, depending on your choice. Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum on her face".
  93. Make sure you have lube and 20 or higher energy. Go to the bathroom while Janice is taking a shower. Now Jason can have anal sex with her.
	Click on "Continue watching" and "Join her". Then click on "Touch her butt" and "Take a closer look". To fuck Janice's ass, click on "Put inside".
  94. (Note: It is highly recommended to omit this step and to continue with step 95. When you play this step, you can increase Janice's score up to 460.
	At step 204 you can do this at the appropriate time.)
	Wake up at night and go to the living room. Click on the TV. When Janice appears, choose "Sex". (This option appears after Jason has fucked Janice 7 times.)
	Click on "Use condom" (Janice's score increases by 5, up to 450) or "Don't use condom". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Pussy": Jason fucks Janice's pussy. At the end of this scene choose between "Cum inside" (when using a condom), "Cum on her tits" and "Cum on her face".
	b) "Ass": When Janice's score is lower than 420, Jason fucks her ass.
	   At the end of this scene choose between "Cum inside", "Cum on her back", "Cum on her tits" and "Cum on her face".
	   When Janice's score is 420 or higher, you have 2 options:
		a) "Fuck her ass": At the end of this scene choose between "Cum inside", "Cum on her back", "Cum on her tits" and "Cum on her face".
		b) "Train her ass": Jason sticks a coned-shaped object in Janice's ass. You need to do this 4 times to complete the anal training.
		   After the fourth time, click on "Come inside" or "Come outside".
  95. Catch Julia in the living room crying. Click on "Get closer" and she takes Jason to her room. Julia lets Jason stick a butt plug in her ass.
	Now click on "Put on condom" or "Do it raw". When you click on "Put on condom", Jason fucks Julia's pussy. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum on her face".
	When you click on "Do it raw", Jason fucks Julia's pussy and cums on her face.
  96. Go to the bathroom and click on the shower to hide the spy camera in there.
  97. Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!" to continue the scene.
	You can also continue the scene by clicking on "Talk about Tanlines". Click on "Swimsuit" to see Janice naked.
	Now use the "Tan Intensity" and "Tan Lines Intensity" sliders to change Janice's tan. Then choose between different tan lines. Finally, click on "Done".
	Now click on "move her leg", "touch it", "Pull aside", "Touch her pussy", "Do it!" and "Finger her" to continue. Julia catches Janice giving Jason a blowjob.
	Now click on "Ask her to join". Choose to continue with Janice or Julia. You need to do this twice. The first time you do this, click on "Continue with Janice".
	The second time you do this, click on "Continue with Julia". Jason cums on their faces. Finally, click on "Follow them" to follow Janice and Julia to the shower.
  98. The next day go to the bathroom and click on the shower. Choose "Download video". Click on the shower again and choose "Take camera".
	(You can watch "Video 004" in Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Video Library".) The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Show him Video004".
	He gives Jason $50.
  99. Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!" to continue the scene.
	You can also continue the scene by clicking on "Talk about Tanlines". Click on "Swimsuit" to see Janice naked.
	Now use the "Tan Intensity" and "Tan Lines Intensity" sliders to change Janice's tan. Then choose between different tan lines. Finally, click on "Done".
	Now click on "move her leg", "touch it", "Pull aside", "Touch her pussy", "Do it!" and "Finger her".
	Continue the scene and Julia catches Janice giving Jason a blowjob. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Ask her to join": Choose to continue with Janice or Julia. Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Keep fucking pussy": Jason fucks her pussy and cums on Janice's and Julia's faces.
		b) "Switch to anal": Jason fucks her ass. Click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside".
	   Finally, click on "Follow them" to follow Janice and Julia to the shower, or click on "Stay".
	b) "Ask her to leave": Julia leaves the pool area. Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Try to fuck her": Choose between "Put on a condom" and "Do it raw". When you click on "Put on a condom", Jason fucks Janice's pussy.
		   Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum on her face". When you click on "Do it raw", Jason fucks Janice's pussy and cums on her face.
		b) "Enjoy the BJ": Janice gives Jason a blowjob. Finally, he cums on her face.
 100. Go to Emma's house until 17:00 and click on "Sneak to backyard" to catch Emma sitting by the pool. Click on "Come closer" and "Sit next to her".
	Emma tells Jason that someone has stolen her pearl necklace. Jason blames Rick for stealing the necklace.
 101. Go to Emma's house until 19:00 and click on "Sneak to backyard". There is a 50 % chance to get the scene where Jason hears a noise coming from the house.
	Click on "Check the noise". Watch Emma masturbating.


0.08  Janice:270  Julia:270  Kelly:150  Emma:240  Rebecca:30
------------------------------------------------------------
 102. Go to Emma's house until 17:00 and click on "Sneak to backyard" to catch Emma sitting by the pool. Click on "Come closer" and "Jump into the pool".
	To successfully grab Emma in her pool, Emma's score must be 110 or higher, otherwise the chance is 50 %. Grab her a second time when she is getting out of the pool.
	For 100 % success, Emma's score must be 130 or higher, otherwise the chance is 50 %.
 103. Go to Emma's house until 17:00 and click on "Sneak to backyard" to catch Emma sitting by the pool. Click on "Come closer" and "Sit next to her".
	To successfully grab Emma in her pool, Emma's score must be 110 or higher, otherwise the chance is 50 %. Grab her a second time when she is getting out of the pool.
	For 100 % success, Emma's score must be 130 or higher, otherwise the chance is 50 %.
 104. Make sure Emma's score is 160 or higher. Go to Emma's house until 19:00 and click on "Sneak to backyard".
	There is a 50 % chance to get the scene where Jason hears a noise coming from the house. Click on "Check the noise". Watch Emma masturbating. Click on "Come inside".
	Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Cum": Jason cums in Emma's pussy.
	b) "Switch to anal": Jason fucks Emma's ass. Make sure you have lube. Now choose between "Switch to vaginal", "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 105. Go to Emma's house until 19:00 and click on "Sneak to backyard". There is a 50 % chance to get the scene where Jason hears a noise coming from the house.
	Click on "Check the noise". Watch Emma masturbating. Click on "Come inside". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Continue with pussy": Jason fucks Emma's pussy. Now click on "Cum" to cum in Emma's pussy or "Switch to anal" to continue with step 105 b.
	b) "switch to anal": Jason fucks Emma's ass. Choose between "Use the lube" and "Don't use the lube".
	   Now choose between "Switch to vaginal" (step 105 a), "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 106. When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure" and "Give her Dog suit". Now click on "Go to the park".
 107. The next day go to Jason's room and click on his screen. Then click on the "Fetish Outfits" store. Buy the "Dog outfit with mask".
 108. When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure" and "Give her Dog outfit with mask". Janice gives Jason a blowjob in the living room.
	Jason cums in Janice's mouth. Repeat this and the scene continues the next morning. Janice gives Jason a blowjob under the table in the dining room.
	Julia comes by and tells Jason that she will take a bath. Jason cums in Janice's mouth.
 109. Go to the school at 18:00 or later and approach the shady guy. He offers Jason a job. Jason needs to steal medicine from the pharmacy shop. Click on "Accept".
	Buy the "Vitamine X Pack" for $400.
 110. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Wait until Kelly is busy. Click on "Check cabinet" and click on one of the cabinets.
	There is a 50 % chance to open the cabinet unnoticed. When Jason opens a cabinet, there is a 50 % chance to find the medicine or a butt plug inside the cabinet.
	Now there can be these scenes:
	a) Kelly notices Jason: Kelly's score decreases by 5 and Jason leaves the pharmacy shop. Repeat step 110.
	b) Kelly does not notice Jason and the cabinet is empty: Click on another cabinet.
	c) Kelly does not notice Jason and he finds a butt plug: Click on "Steal it" to steal the butt plug, or click on "Try to buy it" and "Buy" to buy it for $50.
	   Repeat step 110.
	d) Kelly does not notice Jason and he finds the medicine: Jason receives the medicine.
 111. Go to the school at 18:00 or later and approach the shady guy. He pays Jason between $40 and $100 for the medicine. The next job becomes available in 3 to 9 days.
	(When Jason has found the medicine before the butt plug, repeat step 110 after the shady guy offers Jason the next job after 3 to 9 days.
	Do this until Jason finds the butt plug in one of the cabinets.)
 112. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the classroom. Jason asks Rebecca for help with his algebra homework.
	Rebecca tells him to ask her tomorrow in class.
 113. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the classroom. Rebecca picks up some papers from the floor. Jason helps her. Rebecca's score increases by 5.
 114. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the classroom. Jason asks Rebecca for help with his algebra homework. Rebecca helps Jason with his homework.
	Jason is distracted by her looks and scent. Rebecca tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously. Rebecca's score increases by 5 (up to 30).


0.09  Janice:300  Julia:270  Kelly:280  Emma:300  Rebecca:30
------------------------------------------------------------
 115. After school wait until Kevin walks inside the school at 16:00. Click on "Follow him". Inside the school click on the classroom door.
 116. Go outside the school. This time click on "Check the classroom window" and "Peek through the window".
 117. On a weekend morning (8:00 or 9:00) go to the kitchen. Janice is wearing an apron. Make sure you have lube. Approach her and click on "Finger her ass".
	Choose between "Use the lube" and "Don't use the lube". By using the lube, Janice's score increases by 10, when her score is lower than 250.
	Complete the scene and Jason puts the butt plug in Janice's ass.
 118. Go back to the kitchen and wait for Janice washing the dishes. Click on "Touch her" and "Continue".
	Then click on "Pull down her pants" (or "Uncover her butt" when Janice is wearing a one-piece outfit). Now there can be 2 scenes:
	a) Janice has no butt plug in her ass: Jason licks Janice's pussy. Click on "Use condom" or "Do it raw" to fuck Janice's pussy.
	   When using a condom, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside". When you click on "Cum outside", choose between "Cum in her mouth" and "Cum on her face".
	   When Jason fucks Janice raw, finally click on "Cum in her mouth" or "Cum on her face".
	b) Janice has the butt plug in her ass: Make sure Janice's score is 250 or higher and you have lube. Click on "Lick pussy" to continue with step 118 a.
	   Otherwise, click on "Check the buttplug". When you click on "Choose ass", Janice does not allow Jason to shove his hand in her ass and her score decreases by 10.
	   For now, click on "Choose pussy" to shove Jason's hand in Janice's pussy and make her squirt. That way, you are able to increase Janice's score up to 300.
 119. Make sure Janice's score is 250 or higher. Go to the bathroom while Janice is taking a shower (between 20:00 and 22:00). Click on "Continue watching".
	Then click on "Ask her to turn around", "Use her thighs" and "Slide inside". Jason slides his cock in Janice's pussy and fucks her in multiple positions.
	Finally, click on "Pull out" and Jason cums on Janice's ass. Janice's score increases by 10 (up to 300).
 120. Go to the beach and find Janice sunbathing on the main beach or catch Janice in the living room reading a book and click on "Ask her to go to the beach".
 121. Click on "Talk about tan". Now click on "Swimsuit" to see Janice naked. Use the "Tan Intensity" and "Tan Lines Intensity" sliders to change Janice's tan.
	Then choose between different tan lines. Finally, click on "Done".
 122. Make sure you have suncream. Also make sure Janice's score is 280 or higher and you have done the pool threesome with Janice and Julia (step 97).
	Now click on "Offer to sunbathe naked".
 123. Janice and Jason go to the remote part of the beach. After applying the suncream, there can be 3 different scenes:
	a) Janice's gentle/rough score is higher than +4: You get the vaginal hardcore scene.
	   When Janice's gentle/rough score reaches +7 and +9, you see additional animations. Finally, click on "Cum on her face".
	   (When you have the "Plan B pills" later in the game (step 188), click on "Cum inside" or "Cum on her face".)
	b) Janice's gentle/rough score is between -4 and +4: The scene just ends.
	c) Janice's gentle/rough score is lower than -4: You get the anal hardcore scene. When Janice's gentle/rough score reaches -7 and -9, you see additional animations.
	   Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum on her face".
 124. Go to Emma's house until 17:00 and click on "Sneak to backyard" to catch Emma sitting by the pool. Click on "Come closer" and "Sit next to her".
	Then click on "Grab her" to continue the scene. Finally, click on "Grab her" again to lick Emma's pussy.
	She passes out and Jason licks her ass and sticks a finger in it.
 125. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and then click on "Talk about Emma".
	Since Kelly is Emma's friend, Jason informs Kelly that Emma seems not to be happy. Kelly tells Jason to have a talk with Emma.
 126. On weekends between 12:00 and 16:00 go to Emma's house and click on "Sneak to backyard".
 127. Get the 2 scenes where Kelly and Emma are on the loungers and Kelly is alone on the lounger:
	a) Kelly and Emma: Click on "Approach them". Emma tells Jason that she and Kelly are relaxing a bit and they would like to have some privacy.
	   Jason feels sympathetic towards Kelly and Emma.
	b) Kelly: Click on "Approach her". Make sure you have suncream. When Kelly's score is lower than 115, it increases by 5 for applying the suncream on her legs.
	   When Kelly's score is 100 or higher, Jason gets a footjob from Kelly and her score increases by 10 for cumming on her legs (up to 160).
 128. Come back to Emma's backyard on weekends between 12:00 and 16:00. Catch Kelly and Emma sitting in the pool. Click on "Go closer" and "Put VitamineX into drinks".
	Kelly and Emma have sex together. At the end of the scene Kelly shoves her hand in Emma's ass. Emma cums and passes out. Kelly licks Emma's cum from her hand.
	She sees that Emma passed out. Kelly sticks a finger in Emma's ass and masturbates until she squirts.
 129. Come back to Emma's backyard on weekends between 12:00 and 16:00. Make sure Kelly and Emma are sitting in the pool again.
	Click on "Go closer", "Put VitamineX into drinks" and "Join them". Jason fucks Kelly and Emma and cums in Emma's pussy. Jason is exhausted and takes a nap.
	At the end of the scene Kelly and Emma squirt all over Jason's face.
 130. On Monday after school go home. Jason meets Janice and Emma in front of his home. They are talking about yoga sessions on Tuesdays.
 131. When Emma's score is 250 or higher and Jason meets her jogging in front of his home, she asks Jason to come over to check her broken TV.
 132. Go to Emma's house until 19:00 and knock on the door. Click on "Take a look at TV". Jason finds out that her TV remote is missing batteries.
 133. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and go to the "Electronics" store. Buy the "Batteries AAA".
 134. Go back to Emma's house until 19:00 and knock on the door. Emma gives Jason the TV remote and leaves the living room. Jason puts the batteries in the TV remote.
	Then he calls Emma and tells her that the TV remote is fixed. Suddenly, Emma appears in the living room wearing a sexy purple outfit.
	She rewards Jason by giving him a handjob and a titjob. Jason gets +10 total energy (now at 55).
 135. To repeat the scene with Emma (step 134), go to Emma's house until 19:00 and knock on the door. Now click on "Ask about the purple outfit".
 136. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store. Buy the "Pet Suit - Cow".
	When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure" and "Give her Cow suit". She refuses to wear it.
 137. Make sure Janice's score is 300 or higher. Go to the bedroom at 22:00 when Janice is not in there and click on "Wait for Janice".
	Jason fucks Janice's ass and cums in her. Janice leaves the bedroom to take a shower. Janice returns to the bedroom and Jason offers her a glass of water.
	Janice drinks the water. Janice and Jason fall asleep.
 138. Make sure Janice's score is 300 or higher. On weekend mornings in the dining room, when Janice is drinking coffee, click on "Come closer". Jason kisses Janice's neck.
	Then click on "Ask her to wear the lingerie all day" to let Janice wear the lingerie daily or click on "Continue" to end the scene.


0.10  Janice:300  Julia:300  Kelly:280  Emma:300  Rebecca:30  Adrianna:15
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
 139. Go to Emma's house until 19:00 and knock on the door. Click on "Ask if she needs help around the house". Emma asks Jason to clean the pool.
	She pays Jason $50 for this. From now on you can repeat the pool cleaning every 7 days this way: Go to Emma's house until 19:00 and knock on the door.
	Click on "Ask about pool cleaning".
 140. Make sure Julia's score is 150 or higher and Jason had sex with her at least 6 times. Wake up at night and go to Julia's room.
	Get the scene where Julia is sleeping in her bed. Click on "Get on the bed" and "Touch her". Julia's score increases by 10 (up to 300).
 141. Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00. Wait for Adrianna and click on "Come closer". Talk to Adrianna. Adrianna's score increases by 5.
 142. Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 again. Wait for Adrianna and click on "Come closer". Adrianna asks Jason about the shady guy.
	Click on "Chat" and talk to her about smoking.
 143. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and then click on "Talk about smoking". Buy the "Nicotine gum" for $50.
 144. Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Give her Nicotine gum". Adrianna's score increases by 10.
 145. Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 again and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the job".
 146. The next day go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the job".
	She tells Jason that her boss agreed to do a test photoshoot.
 147. Catch Julia in the living room or in her room checking her phone. Tell her about the photoshoot. Watch Julia's lingerie photoshoot.
 148. From now on Julia starts to appear randomly in Jason's room at night. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. Click on "Sure" and "Touch her". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Keep kissing": Jason kisses and licks Julia's pussy. Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Use condom": Jason fucks Julia's pussy with a condom. Finally, click on "Cum on her back", "Cum on her belly" or "Cum inside".
		b) "Don't use condom": Jason fucks Julia's pussy without a condom. Finally, click on "Cum on her back" or "Cum on her belly".
		   (When you have the "Plan B pills" later in the game (step 188), click on "Cum on her back", "Cum on her belly" or "Cum inside".)
	b) "Ask her to turn around (anal)": Jason licks Julia's ass and sticks a finger in it. Now choose between "Use lube" and "Don't use lube".
	   Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum on her back".
 149. After the lingerie photoshoot, skip 5 days and come back to Adrianna. Click on "Ask about the job" and "Naked lingerie photoshoot".
	Watch Julia's naked lingerie photoshoot.
 150. After the naked lingerie photoshoot, skip 5 days and come back to Adrianna. Click on "Ask about the job" and "BJ photoshoot".
	At the end of the photoshoot choose between "Cum in her throat" and "Cum on her face".
 151. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Give all money to Julia": Julia gets all the money for the photoshoot. Julia's score increases by 5 (up to 300).
	b) "Keep part of payment": Jason gets $50. Julia's score decreases by 5.
 152. After the BJ photoshoot, skip 5 days and come back to Adrianna. Click on "Ask about the job" and "Hardcore photoshoot". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Let Jason Act": Jason fucks Julia. At the end of the photoshoot choose between "Cum in her throat" and "Cum on her face".
	b) "Let the Other Guy Act": Kevin fucks Julia and cums on her face.
 153. After the hardcore photoshoot you have 2 options:
	a) "Give all money to Julia": Julia's score increases by 5.
	b) "Keep part of payment": Jason gets $50 and Julia's score decreases by 5.
 154. Now Julia comes in Jason's room and talks about an offer for a new photo session. She tells Jason that the partner must be a girl.
	She asks him if he knows someone who could be her partner. Jason tells Julia that there are some girls he could ask.
	He is sure that someone will agree to help her out.
 155. When you clicked on "Let the Other Guy Act" in the "Hardcore photoshoot" (step 152 b):
	From now on Jason can join them every time you do this photoshoot again and you choose "Let the Other Guy Act".
 156. Make sure Julia's score is 200 or higher and Jason had sex with her at least 10 times. You can choose Julia's bed as Jason's sleeping bed.
	Go to Julia's room when she is not in there and click on the bed. Now click on "Set as default sleeping bed".
	When Jason goes to sleep in Julia's bed, click on "Wake Up", "Get on the bed" and "Touch her" to have sex with Julia.


0.11  Janice:360  Julia:300  Kelly:280  Emma:380  Rebecca:200  Adrianna:25
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 157. After school wait until Kevin walks inside the school at 16:00. Click on "Check the classroom window" and "Record with the phone".
	Jason gets the video file "Rebecca.mp4".
 158. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the classroom. Click on "Show the video with Kevin". Jason shows Rebecca the video.
 159. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the classroom. Click on "Sneak to her". Rebecca gives Jason a blowjob.
	Finally, click on "Cum on her face" or "Cum inside her throat".
 160. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the classroom. Click on "Sneak to her". Jason plays with Rebecca's ass and fucks her thighs.
	Finally, he cums on the desk and the piece of paper with the next math tests. Rebecca's score increases by 10.
 161. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the classroom. Click on "Sneak to her". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Ask for BJ": Rebecca gives Jason a blowjob. Finally, click on "Cum on her face" or "Cum inside her throat". Rebecca's score increases by 10.
	b) "Play with the ass": Jason plays with Rebecca's ass and fucks her thighs. Finally, he cums on the desk and the piece of paper with the next math tests.
	   Rebecca's score increases by 10.
 162. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the classroom.
	When Rebecca's score is 60 or higher, there is a 50 % chance to get the scene where she is waiting for Jason. Rebecca orders Jason to sit down on the chair.
	Jason pulls his cock out and Rebecca touches it. Rebecca's score increases by 5. Then click on "Let her continue". Now Rebecca rubs Jason's cock.
	When Rebecca's score is lower than 80, Jason touches her and she tells him that he is not allowed to touch the teacher. Finally, Rebecca tells Jason to leave.
 163. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the classroom. Get the scene where Rebecca is waiting for Jason. Rebecca orders Jason to sit down on the chair.
	Jason pulls his cock out and Rebecca touches it. Rebecca's score increases by 5. When Rebecca's score is lower than 180, click on "Let her continue".
	Now Rebecca rubs Jason's cock. When Rebecca's score is 80 or higher, Jason touches her and tells her to lay back and relax.
	Jason rubs his cock between Rebecca's thighs. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Cum anyway": Jason cums on the floor and Rebecca's score increases by 10.
	b) "Let her suck": Rebecca gives Jason a blowjob. Finally, click on "Cum in her throat" or "Cum on her face". Rebecca's score increases by 10.
	When Rebecca's score is 130 or higher, she appears topless. When Rebecca's score is 170 or higher, she appears topless and without panties.
	When Rebecca's score is 140 or higher, click on "Kiss her butt". Rebecca tells Jason to stop it and the scene ends.
	When Rebecca's score is 180 or higher, click on "Kiss her butt". The scene continues and finally Jason cums on Rebecca's face. Rebecca's score increases by 10.
 164. Go to the toilet and catch Rebecca there. When Rebecca's score is 110 or higher, click on "Get in". Kevin enters the toilet and Jason hides in Rebecca's stall.
	Now Jason watches Rebecca peeing.
 165. On Tuesday go to the living room and wait for Janice and Emma to exercise. Click on "Hide and watch".
 166. Go to the school at 18:00 or later and approach the shady guy. He asks Jason to deliver a package to Adrianna.
 167. The next day go to the studio and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Give her the package".
 168. Go to the school at 18:00 or later and approach the shady guy. He gives Jason a CD with "Hypno Music".
 169. Go home and to the living room. Click on the CD player under the TV. Jason switches the CDs.
 170. Catch Janice exercising in the living room. Click on "Keep watching" and "Hide and watch". Now click on "Use hypno command" and "Seduce Emma".
 171. On Tuesday go to the living room and wait for Janice and Emma to exercise. Choose "Hide and watch". Once they leave the room, choose "Follow them".
	Janice's and Emma's score must be 250 or higher to join them and you must have 40 or higher energy. Choose between "Pussy" and "Ass" to fuck Emma's pussy or ass.
	Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Choose pussy": Jason fucks Janice's pussy. Finally, he cums on Janice.
	   (When you have the "Plan B pills" later in the game (step 188), click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside".)
	b) "Choose anal": Jason fucks Janice's ass. Now choose between "Cum inside mom's ass", "Cum inside Emma's ass" and "Cum outside".
	The first time you play this scene, Jason gets +10 total energy (now at 65).
 172. Go to Emma's house on Thursday until 19:00 and knock on the door. Emma asks Jason to come inside. Now click on "Mow the lawn".
	After Jason mowed Emma's lawn, she gives him $50. Now click on "Ask for glass of water". When Emma leaves the room, click on the "Double Dildo" under the table.
	Emma tells Jason that Kelly left it here after her last visit.
 173. On Tuesday go to the living room and wait for Janice and Emma to exercise. Choose "Hide and watch". Once they leave the room, choose "Follow them".
	Click on "Show them the double dildo". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Ass to ass": Janice and Emma stick the dildo in their asses. Now choose to fuck Janice or Emma.
	b) "Pussy to pussy": Janice and Emma stick the dildo in their pussies. Now choose to fuck Janice's or Emma's ass.
 174. Catch Janice exercising alone in the living room. Click on "Keep watching" and "Hide and watch". Now click on "Use hypno command" and "Become a cow".
 175. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. Now Janice visits Jason in his room. Click on "Sure" and "Give her Cow suit" to continue the scene.
 176. Make sure you have suncream. Go to the pool and catch Janice sunbathing on the towel. Approach her and choose "Pull swimsuit aside". Now click on "Try to fuck".
	Jason fucks Janice's ass. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".


0.12  Janice:400  Julia:300  Kelly:300  Emma:380  Rebecca:200  Adrianna:25
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 177. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Wait until Kelly is busy. Now click on "Sneak to her" and "Pull the skirt".
 178. When Jason and Kelly are in the break room, click on "Take off panties" and "Try to fuck". Now click on "Choose anal".
	Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum on her face".
 179. Go to the pharmacy shop again and click on "Go in". Wait until Kelly is busy. Now click on "Sneak to her" and "Pull the skirt".
 180. When Jason and Kelly are in the break room, click on "Take off panties" and "Try to fuck". Now click on "Choose vaginal" and "Cum inside".
	Kelly's score decreases by 50.
 181. Come back to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Kelly asks Jason to pay her for the pills that prevent pregnancy. Click on "Pay her" to give Kelly $100.
 182. Increase Kelly's score to 250 or higher. Go to Emma's backyard on weekends between 12:00 and 16:00. Catch Kelly and Emma sitting in the pool.
	Click on "Go closer", "Put VitamineX into drinks" and "Join them". You can also go to the pharmacy shop on weekdays between 13:00 and 19:00 and buy some items.
 183. The next day go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee.
 184. Choose "Ask about the pills". Kelly asks for the latex suit from the "Fetish Outfits" store.
 185. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store. Buy the "Full body latex suit".
 186. The next day go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee.
	Click on "Give her Full body latex suit". She asks Jason to come to the studio.
 187. Go to the studio between 20:00 and 22:00. Kelly is waiting there. Click on "Approach her" to continue the scene. Jason gets +10 total energy (now at 75).
 188. The next day go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Ask about the pills". Kelly gives Jason the "Plan B pills".
	Now click on "Accept" to repeat the "movie" scene.
 189. Go to the studio between 20:00 and 22:00. Kelly is waiting there. Click on "Approach her" to continue the scene.
 190. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Ask about the movie" and "Mistress Kelly".
 191. Go to the studio between 20:00 and 22:00. Kelly is waiting there. Click on "Approach her" to continue the scene.
	When Kelly asks "What? You still think we are here to make a movie?", choose "No". That way, you are able to increase Kelly's score up to 300.
 192. Go to the bathroom while Janice is taking a shower (between 20:00 and 22:00). Click on "Continue watching".
	Then click on "Ask her to turn around", "Use her thighs" and "Slide inside". Jason slides his cock in Janice's pussy and fucks her in multiple positions.
	Finally, click on "Cum inside" and Jason cums in Janice's pussy.
 193. When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, Jason can now fuck her pussy without a condom. Click on "Sure", "Touch her" and "Pussy".
	Click on "Take off bottom wear", "Take off top and bottom wear", "Take off the suit" or "Undress completely". Now click on "Don't use condom".
	Choose between "Be gentle" and "Be rough". When you choose to be gentle, Janice's gentle/rough score increases by 1. When you choose to be rough, it decreases by 1.
	When Janice's gentle/rough score reaches +5 or -5, you see additional animations, depending on your choice.
	Finally, click on "Cum inside", "Cum on her pussy" or "Cum on her face".
 194. Make sure you have lube and you have done Janice's birthday night (step 90) and Emma's TV repair (step 134). Go to Julia's room between 20:00 and 22:00.
	Get the scene where she is standing near the window wearing lingerie. There is a 50 % chance that Janice comes in and joins Jason and Julia.
	If Janice does not appear, click on "Say no". Come back to Julia's room between 20:00 and 22:00 until Janice comes in. Click on "Use condom" or "Don't use condom".
	Jason fucks Janice's and Julia's pussies and asses. Jason cums in Julia's pussy. Janice feels neglected. Subsequently Jason fucks Janice's pussy and cums in her.


0.13  Janice:460  Julia:300  Kelly:300  Emma:380  Rebecca:200  Adrianna:35
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 195. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Ask about the movie" and "Mistress Kelly".
 196. Go to the studio between 20:00 and 22:00. Kelly is waiting there. Click on "Approach her" to continue the scene.
	When Kelly asks "What? You still think we are here to make a movie?", choose "Yes".
 197. Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00. Wait for Adrianna and click on "Come closer". Click on "Ask for help with movie".
	She asks Jason to get her an old model of a lens called "LEIZA FX".
 198. The next day after school, approach Billy and click on "Ask about the lens".
 199. The next day after school, approach Billy again and click on "Ask about the lens". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Pay 300$": Jason pays Billy $300 and he gives Jason the lens.
	b) "Allow him to have fun with mom": Jason receives the lens from Billy. Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!".
	   Continue the scene and Billy gets his blowjob.
 200. Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00. Wait for Adrianna and click on "Come closer". Click on "Talk about the lens" to give the lens to Adrianna.
 201. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Ask about the movie" and "Mistress Kelly".
 202. Go to the studio between 20:00 and 22:00. Kelly and Adrianna are waiting there. This time Adrianna films the whole scene.
 203. The next day go to pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Ask about the movie". Kelly pays Jason $500 for the movie.
 204. Wake up at night and go to the living room. Click on the TV. When Janice appears, choose "Sex". (This option appears after Jason has fucked Janice 7 times.)
	Click on "Use condom" (Janice's score increases by 5, up to 450) or "Don't use condom". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Pussy": Jason fucks Janice's pussy. At the end of this scene choose between "Cum inside", "Cum on her tits" and "Cum on her face".
	b) "Ass": When Janice's score is lower than 420, Jason fucks her ass.
	   At the end of this scene choose between "Cum inside", "Cum on her back", "Cum on her tits" and "Cum on her face".
	   When Janice's score is 420 or higher, you have 2 options:
		a) "Fuck her ass": At the end of this scene choose between "Cum inside", "Cum on her back", "Cum on her tits" and "Cum on her face".
		b) "Train her ass": Jason sticks a coned-shaped object in Janice's ass. You need to do this 4 times to complete the anal training.
		   After the fourth time, click on "Come inside" or "Come outside".
 205. When Janice's score is 450 or higher, go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Daily clothes".
	From now on you can also choose "Panty hose only" (within "Lingerie").
 206. Go to the kitchen and wait for Janice washing the dishes. Click on "Touch her" and "Continue".
	Then click on "Pull down her pants" (or "Uncover her butt" when Janice is wearing a one-piece outfit). Now there can be 2 scenes:
	a) Janice has no butt plug in her ass: Jason licks Janice's pussy. Click on "Use condom" or "Do it raw" to fuck Janice's pussy.
	   Then click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside". When you click on "Cum outside", choose between "Cum in her mouth" and "Cum on her face".
	b) Janice has the butt plug in her ass: You have 2 options:
		a) "Lick pussy": Jason licks Janice's pussy. Click on "Use condom" or "Do it raw" to fuck Janice's pussy. Then click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside".
		   When you click on "Cum outside", choose between "Cum in her mouth" and "Cum on her face".
		b) "Check the buttplug": Make sure you have lube and you have done the complete anal training with Janice at night (step 204 b b).
		   Jason pulls and pushes the butt plug out of and inside Janice's asshole. Then he pulls it completely out of her asshole.
		   Now click on "Choose ass" or "Choose pussy" to shove Jason's hand in Janice's ass or pussy. Finally, Janice squirts.


0.14  Janice:460  Julia:300  Kelly:300  Emma:380  Rebecca:270  Adrianna:35  Rachel:10
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 207. After school go inside the school. Enter the classroom. Get the scene where Rebecca is waiting for Jason. Click on "Pull down pantyhose".
	Rebecca's husband knocks on the classroom door and the scene ends.
 208. Go to the school at 17:00. Click on "Check the car".
 209. The next day after school go inside the school. Enter the classroom. When Jason finds Rebecca at her desk busy with papers, click on "Talk" and "Ask about the car".
	She confirms that it is her husband's car.
 210. Go to the school at 18:00 and approach the shady guy. He offers Jason the next job. Click on "Decline" and "Ask an advice about the car".
	He asks Jason to find some stuff from the red hoodie guy at the beach.
 211. Go to the beach at 20:00 and step on the pier. Jason sees how the red hoodie guy leaves the remote part of the beach.
 212. Go back to the beach. Then go to the remote part of the beach. Click on "Search the area". Jason says that it is too dark and that he needs a flashlight.
	(If you go there during the day and try to search the area, the red hoodie guy catches you. You need to go there between 20:00 and 22:00.)
 213. The next day go to Billy's home and knock on the door. Rachel, Billy's mother, opens the door and calls Billy. Click on "Ask for the flashlight".
 214. Go to the beach at 20:00. Go to the remote part of the beach. Click on "Search the area". Jason finds the "Drug Supplies" from the red hoodie guy.
 215. Go to the school at 21:00 and approach the shady guy. Click on "Give the supplies". He gives Jason the CarHack 2000.
 216. The next day go to the school at 17:00 and click on "Use the CarHack 2000".
 217. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the classroom. Get the scene where Rebecca is waiting for Jason. Click on "Pull down pantyhose".
 218. At first, she allows Jason to jerk off while watching her. When Rebecca's score is between 220 and 240, she gives Jason a blowjob at the end.
	Choose between "Cum in her throat" and "Cum on her face". When Rebecca's score is 250 or higher, Jason eats out her pussy and both do a 69 at the end.
 219. Go to Billy's home and return the flashlight. Rachel's score increases by 10.


0.15  Janice:460  Julia:300  Kelly:330  Emma:380  Rebecca:270  Adrianna:55  Rachel:100
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 220. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Ask about the movie".
	This time Kelly wants to try a different type of scene.
 221. Go to the studio at 20:00 and approach Kelly. Kelly wants to do a scene with a bunny costume. Adrianna does not like it and comes up with another idea.
	Now Kelly wears a nurse costume. She gives Jason a blowjob. Then he fucks Kelly's pussy and cums in her. Adrianna films the whole scene.
 222. To repeat the nurse roleplay scene with Kelly, go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in".
	Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Ask about the movie" and "The Nurse".
 223. Go to the studio at 20:00 and approach Kelly. Kelly wants to do a scene with a bunny costume. Adrianna does not like it and comes up with another idea.
	Now Kelly wears a nurse costume. She gives Jason a blowjob. Then he fucks Kelly's pussy and cums in her. Adrianna films the whole scene.
	That way, you are able to increase Kelly's score up to 330.
 224. The next day go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00. Wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about costumes".
	Adrianna tells Jason that she loves to roleplay.
 225. The next day after school Billy approaches Jason and talks about the "Career day" project.
 226. Go to the studio and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the school project". Pay her $100 for the photoshoot.
 227. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store. Buy the "Cop outfit".
 228. Go to the studio at 20:00. Adrianna is waiting for Jason. Approach her to continue the scene.
 229. After school go home and to Jason's room. Jason texts Adrianna.
 230. The next day go to Jason's room and text Adrianna. She asks Jason to send her a selfie from him in the bathroom.
 231. Go to the bathroom. Click on "Take a selfie for Adrianna".
 232. Go to Jason's room and Jason receives a message with a photo from Adrianna.
	(If Jason receives no message, wait at least one hour or come back the next day until Jason receives the message.)
 233. Go to the park and sit down on the bench. Click on "Sit a bit longer" until Jason meets Rachel coming back from the store. She appears until 17:00.
	Rachel's score increases by 5. Keep doing this until Rachel's score is 30.
 234. When Rachel's score is 30 or higher, Jason offers to carry her bags.
 235. Keep carrying her bags until Rachel's score is 60 or higher. Now Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Refuse".
 236. Go to the park and sit down on the bench. Click on "Sit a bit longer" until Jason meets Rachel coming back from the store. Jason carries her bags.
	Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Refuse". Do this until Rachel's score is 90.
 237. Click on the map and on Jason's home. Jason meets Janice and Rachel in front of his home talking about Jason and Billy.
 238. Go to the park and sit down on the bench. Click on "Sit a bit longer" until Jason meets Rachel coming back from the store. Jason carries her bags.
	Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept" and "He has such a beautiful mom". Now Rachel's score is 100.
 239. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store. Buy the "Latex Underwear".
 240. When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure", "Talk about outfit" and "Give her Latex underwear".
	At the end of the scene Jason can ask Janice to wear the lingerie or the "Latex underwear" daily.
 241. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store. Buy the "Latex Suit - striped".
 242. When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure", "Talk about outfit" and "Give her Latex with stripes".
	At the end of the scene Jason can ask Janice to wear the lingerie, the "Latex underwear" or the "Latex with stripes" daily.
 243. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store. Buy the "Condom catsuit".
 244. When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure", "Talk about outfit" and "Give her Condom catsuit".
	At the end of the scene Jason can ask Janice to wear the lingerie, the "Latex underwear", the "Latex with stripes" or the "Condom catsuit" daily.


0.16  Janice:460  Julia:300  Kelly:330  Emma:380  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:175  Rachel:100
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 245. The next day go to Jason's room and text Adrianna. She asks Jason to send her a selfie from him in the park.
 246. Go to the park at 20:00 and sit down on the bench. Then click on "Take a photo for Adrianna".
 247. Back in Jason's room Jason receives a message with a photo from Adrianna and her score increases by 10.
 248. The next day go to Jason's room and text Adrianna. This time she asks Jason to take a photo while shopping.
 249. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Wait until Kelly is busy. Click on "Take a photo for Adrianna".
	If Kelly notices Jason, just try it once again until he will not get caught.
 250. Go home and to Jason's room. Jason receives a message with a photo from Adrianna and her score increases by 10.
 251. Wait one hour and click on "Text to Adrianna". This time she asks Jason for a photo while having sex with someone.
 252. Catch Janice drinking whisky in the dining room. Click on "Sit by the table" and "Take a picture for Adrianna".
 253. Go to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Adrianna and her score increases by 10.
 254. The next day go to Jason's room and text Adrianna. Adrianna talks about roleplay and her score increases by 10.
 255. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store. Buy the "Cop roleplay props".
 256. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. At night Adrianna comes to Jason.
 257. Choose between "Gently" and "Roughly". When Adrianna's gentle/rough score reaches +5 or -5, you see additional animations, depending on your choice.
	Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum on her face".
 258. To repeat the cop roleplay scene with Adrianna (steps 256 and 257), go to Jason's room and click on "Text to Adrianna".
	Then click on "Do it again" ("Cop & thief" later in the game).
 259. Go to the park at 20:00 and sit down on the bench. Click on "Sit a bit longer" until Jason meets Rebecca. Jason accompanies her on her way home.
	Rebecca's score increases by 10. Rebecca's home is now unlocked on the map.
 260. The next day go to the park at 20:00 and sit down on the bench. Click on "Sit a bit longer" until Jason meets Rebecca again.
	Make sure Rebecca's score is 270 or higher. Jason accompanies Rebecca on her way home.
 261. Rebecca and Jason stand in front of her house. Rebecca asks him to come inside. Continue the scene and choose between "Be gentle" and "Be rough".
	When Rebecca's gentle/rough score reaches +5 or -5, you see additional animations, depending on your choice. Finally, click on "Cum on her face" or "Come inside".
 262. From now on Jason can go to Rebecca's home between 20:00 and 22:00. If there is no car in the driveway, click on the front door and Jason sneaks to Rebecca's bedroom.
 263. The next day after school go inside the school. Enter the classroom. There can be 2 scenes:
	a) Rebecca is at her desk busy with papers: Click on "Sneak to her" and "Play with the ass". Now click on "Take off the pantyhose" and "Ask her for anal".
	   Make sure you have lube. Now choose between "Be gentle" and "Be rough". Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum on her face".
	b) Rebecca is waiting for Jason: Click on "Pull down pantyhose" and "Fuck her". Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum on her face".


0.17  Janice:460  Julia:300  Kelly:330  Emma:380  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:175  Rachel:150
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 264. Click on the map and on Jason's home. When Jason is standing in front of his home, click on the mailbox. Jason gets the "Game Cafe Coupon".
	(If the mailbox is empty, check it the next day. The coupon spawns every 5 days.)
 265. The next day after school talk to Billy. Click on "Convince him not to go home". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Give him the coupon": Jason gives Billy the "Game Cafe Coupon". This option keeps Billy away from Janice in the future.
	b) "Tell him about mom at the beach": This step starts Billy's path and Billy will be involved in future events with Janice.
	   Jason tells Billy that Janice is sunbathing naked on the remote part of the beach.
	   From now on sometimes Jason can meet Billy alone or with Janice at the beach on the pier.
 266. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back.
	Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept".
 267. Rachel goes away to get dressed. Click on "Follow her" or "Stay here".
 268. When you click on "Follow her", there are 4 stages:
	Stage 1: Rachel has her red robe on. If she does not notice Jason (70 %), you continue with stage 2.
		   If she notices Jason (30 %), nothing bad happens and you continue with step 269.
	Stage 2: Rachel drops her red robe and has her bra and panties on. If she does not notice Jason (60 %), you continue with stage 3.
		   If she notices Jason (40 %), Rachel's score decreases by 5 and Jason leaves the house.
	Stage 3: Rachel drops her bra and leaves her panties on. If she does not notice Jason (50 %), you continue with stage 4.
		   If she notices Jason (50 %), Rachel's score decreases by 5 and Jason leaves the house.
	Stage 4: Rachel gets naked and Jason sees her from behind. She does not notice Jason and you continue with step 269.
 269. After some talking, click on "He has such a beautiful mom". Rachel's score must be 80 or higher.
 270. After some more talking, Rachel goes away and comes back in her red robe. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Touch her butt": Jason touches Rachel's butt. To successfully touch her butt, Rachel's score must be 120 or higher, otherwise the chance is 50 %.
	   Then click on "Kiss her". To successfully kiss her, Rachel's score must be 140 or higher, otherwise the chance is 50 %.
	b) "Do nothing": When Rachel's score is lower than 120, use this option to safely increase her score up to 120.


0.18  Janice:460  Julia:360  Kelly:330  Emma:380  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:175  Rachel:200  Danielle:5
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 271. Make sure you have done the pool threesome with Janice and Julia (step 97) and the day is 100 or higher. Go to the living room at 13:00 and meet aunt Danielle.
	Choose her appearance.
 272. Jason carries Danielle's luggage to her house. Danielle's house is now unlocked on the map.
 273. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back.
	Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept".
 274. Rachel goes away to get dressed. Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "... Let's find it out".
 275. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Ask about lingerie store". She tells Jason about the "Veronica's Secret" store.
 276. Go back to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Go to the "Veronica's Secret" store and buy "Veronica's special" for Rachel.
 277. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy is not at home, click on "Give her Veronica's special".
 278. After 3 days go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept".
 279. Rachel goes away to get dressed. Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Ask about progress with Billy". Jason tells Rachel to buy her high heels.
 280. Go to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Go to the "Veronica's Secret" store and buy the "High heels by D.B.".
 281. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy is not at home, click on "Give her High heels by D.B.". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Stomach": Rachel lays on her stomach and Jason massages her legs. Click on "Play with her ass".
	   When Rachel's score is lower than 160, Jason could get caught by Rachel kissing her ass cheeks. Rachel's score decreases by 5 and Jason leaves the house.
	   For 100 % success, Rachel's score must be 160 or higher.
	b) "Back": Rachel lays on her back and Jason massages her legs. Click on "Touch her tits".
	   When Rachel's score is lower than 150, Jason could get caught by Rachel touching her tits. Rachel's score decreases by 5 and Jason leaves the house.
	   For 100 % success, Rachel's score must be 150 or higher. Then click on "Pull down the bra".
	   When Rachel's score is lower than 170, Jason could get caught by Rachel pulling down her bra. Rachel's score decreases by 5 and Jason leaves the house.
	   For 100 % success, Rachel's score must be 170 or higher.
 282. To repeat the scene with Rachel (step 281), go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed.
	Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Ask her to show the shoes".
 283. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Daily clothes", "Latex outfits" and choose a latex outfit.
	Choose the color for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone of the latex outfit.
	Finally, click on "Ask her to wear as daily clothes".
 284. Go to Jason's room. Julia comes in and talks about Janice walking around in latex suits.
 285. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Go to the "Fetish Outfits" store and buy the "Leotard with Sleeves" and "Latex Leotard" for Julia.
 286. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about outfits" and "Daily outfits". Give Julia the "Leotard with sleeves".
	Choose the color for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone of the latex outfit. Then click on "Done".
	Finally, click on "Ask her to wear it all the time". That way, Julia's outfit score increases up to 40.
 287. Go to Julia's room again when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about outfits" and "Daily outfits". Give Julia the "Latex leotard".
	Choose the color for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone of the latex outfit. Then click on "Done".
	Finally, click on "Ask her to wear it all the time". That way, Julia's outfit score increases up to 40.
 288. When Julia's outfit score is 20, go to Jason's room. Jason gets a message about new small sized latex outfits. (Triggered when Julia's outfit score is 10.)
 289. Wait one hour and Jason gets a message about new small sized latex condom suits. (Triggered when Julia's outfit score is 20.)
 290. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store.
	Buy the "Latex suit Love", the "Condom catsuit Slick", the "Condom catsuit" and the "Condom catsuit with corset".
 291. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about outfits" and "Daily outfits". Give Julia the "Latex suit Love".
	Then give her the 3 condom catsuits. Choose the color for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone of the latex outfit.
	Then click on "Done". Finally, click on "Ask her to wear it all the time".
	That way, Julia's outfit score increases up to 60 for the "Latex suit Love" and up to 100 for the 3 condom catsuits.
 292. Make sure Julia's bed is not Jason's sleeping bed. Wake up at night and go to Julia's room. When no one is there, click on the wardrobe and hide in there.
	You get a butt plug play scene with Janice and Julia.
 293. Make sure Julia's bed is not Jason's sleeping bed. Wake up at night and go to Julia's room again. When no one is there, click on the wardrobe and hide in there.
	You get a butt plug play scene with Janice and Julia. Now Jason can join them. Click on "Sneak out and join them" and choose between Janice and Julia.
	When you click on "Choose Janice", you have 2 options:
	a) "Be gentle": Jason sucks on Janice's tit and licks her pussy. Click on "Continue with pussy" or "Continue with ass" to fuck her pussy or ass.
	   Now choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside". When you choose "Cum inside", Jason cums in Janice.
	   Now click on "Stay inside" or "Pull out" to have Jason's cock inside or outside Janice while they sleep.
	   When you choose "Cum outside", Jason cums on Janice's and Julia's faces and the scene ends.		 
	b) "Be rough": Jason fucks Janice's pussy. Choose "Continue with pussy" or "Switch to ass" to fuck her pussy or ass.
	   Now choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside". When you choose "Cum inside", Jason cums in Janice.
	   Now click on "Stay inside" or "Pull out" to have Jason's cock inside or outside Janice while they sleep.
	   When you choose "Cum outside", Jason cums on Janice's and Julia's faces and the scene ends.
	When you click on "Choose Julia", Jason fucks her pussy. Now click on "Continue with pussy" or "Continue with ass" to fuck her pussy or ass.
	Now choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside". When you choose "Cum inside", Jason cums in Julia.
	Now click on "Stay inside" or "Pull out" to have Jason's cock inside or outside Julia while they sleep.
	When you choose "Cum outside", Jason cums on Janice's and Julia's faces and the scene ends.    
 294. Janice and Julia can now wear their condom catsuits during the threesome in Julia's room in the evening.
	Make sure you have lube and you have done Janice's birthday night (step 90) and Emma's TV repair (step 134).
	Also make sure Janice and Julia wear their condom catsuits. Go to Julia's room between 20:00 and 22:00.
	Get the scene where she is standing near the window wearing the condom catsuit. There is a 50 % chance that Janice comes in and joins Jason and Julia.
	If Janice does not appear, click on "Say no". Come back to Julia's room between 20:00 and 22:00 until Janice comes in. Click on "Use condom" or "Don't use condom".
	Jason fucks Janice's and Julia's pussies and asses. Jason cums in Julia's pussy. Janice feels neglected. Subsequently Jason fucks Janice's pussy and cums in her.
 295. Make sure you have done the steps 239 to 244 for Janice and the steps 283 to 291 for Julia, so both have condom catsuits. They do not have to wear it.
	Also make sure John is not at home (until step 301) and Jason sleeps in another than Janice's bed. Wake up at night and go to the bedroom.
	There is a chance for Jason to catch Janice and Julia on the bed wearing condom catsuits. If this happens, Janice says that tonight is "Latex only" night.
	Jason cannot join Janice and Julia.
 296. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store. Buy the "Male Latex suit pack".
 297. Wake up at night and click on the dresser in Jason's room. Click on "Put on Latex suit". Choose between different colors for Jason's latex suit.
	Go to the bedroom. There is a chance for Jason to catch Janice and Julia on the bed wearing condom catsuits. If this happens, Jason joins Janice and Julia.
	Choose to take the detachable penis sheath off or to keep it on. Now choose to start with Janice or Julia and then click on "Pussy" or "Ass".
	During the scene switch to Janice's and Julia's pussies and asses. Finally, click on "Cum!".
 298. Go to Jason's room. Jason gets a message about new large sized latex outfits. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser".
	Go to the "Fetish Outfits" store and buy the "Latex suit Bare Butt" (Size L) for $150.
 299. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Give her Latex suit Barebutt".
 300. Make sure you have done the steps 298 and 299 and Janice's outfit score is 50 or higher (50 or more days of Janice wearing non-default outfits).
	Also make sure Janice's bed is Jason's sleeping bed. Now go to sleep in Janice's bed. The next day go to Jason's room.
	Jason gets a message about new large sized latex outfits. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser".
	Go to the "Fetish Outfits" store and buy the "Latex suit Shameless" (Size L) for $150.
 301. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Give her Latex suit Shameless".


0.19  Janice:460  Julia:360  Kelly:330  Emma:380  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:175  Rachel:250  Danielle:50
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 302. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back.
	Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed. Click on "Stay here".
	After some talking, click on "Ask about progress with Billy".
 303. The next day after school, approach Billy and click on "Ask about things at home".
 304. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back.
	Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed. Click on "Stay here".
	After some talking, click on "Tell her about the conversation with Billy". Rachel's score must be 180 or higher.
 305. The next day after school, approach Billy and click on "Ask about things at home" again.
 306. At least the next day go to Billy's home and knock on the door. Rachel opens the door and is sad. She wants to talk to Jason and asks him to come inside.
	Rachel's score must be 200 or higher.
 307. Jason convinces Rachel to bath together. Rachel gives Jason a handjob.
 308. At least 2 days later go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed.
	Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Ask her to bath together". Rachel gives Jason a handjob. Click on "Ask her for a BJ".
 309. At least 3 days later go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed.
	Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Ask her to bath together". Rachel gives Jason a handjob. Click on "Ask her for a BJ" and "Eat her out".
 310. At least 3 days later go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed.
	Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Ask her to bath together". Rachel gives Jason a handjob. Click on "Ask her for a BJ", "Eat her out" and "Fuck her".
	Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside".
 311. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. Knock on the door again until Rachel opens the door.
	She tells Jason that she is trying hard to burn calories. Jason tells her that he will ask Emma to help her out.
 312. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. Knock on the door again until Rachel opens the door.
	She asks Jason if he has talked to Emma. Jason says that he has not. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Sure". Rachel goes away to get dressed.
	Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Ask her to bath together". Rachel gives Jason a handjob. Click on "Ask her for a BJ", "Eat her out" and "Fuck her".
	Now choose between "Be gentle" and "Be rough". When Rachel's gentle/rough score reaches +5 or -5, you see additional animations, depending on your choice.
	Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside".
 313. Go to the park and sit down on the bench. Click on "Sit a bit longer" until Jason meets Danielle jogging. She says that she is jogging every Wednesday.
	Danielle's score increases by 5. Repeat this until Danielle's score is either 10, 20, 30 or 40.
 314. Go to the beach at 14:00 and meet Danielle. Click on "Come closer". She says that she forgot to bring a towel.
 315. Go home and to the bathroom, then to the room with the jacuzzi. Take the beach towel.
 316. Go to the beach. Wait for Danielle and click on "Come closer". Danielle and Jason have some fun in the water. Repeat this until Danielle's score is 50.
 317. The next day go to the beach and wait until Jason meets Janice and Danielle sunbathing. Click on "Come closer". Janice keeps Jason away from Danielle.
 318. Go home and to the living room. Catch Janice there reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Ask her about Danielle".


0.20  Janice:460  Julia:360  Kelly:330  Emma:380  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:225  Rachel:250  Danielle:80  Kira:10
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 319. Go to Danielle's house and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside to check the sink.
 320. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Ask about plumber tools". He gives Jason 2 options:
	a) Bring him a poster with the busty night elf priestess: Go to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Search for the poster".
	   Buy the "Shelle Nightmore poster Limited Edition" for $75.
	b) (Billy): Bring him a picture with Janice and Jason having sex: Make sure Janice's score is 350 or higher. Go to the pool and do the threesome with Janice and Julia.
	   During the scene click on "Continue with Janice" and "Ask for the photo". Now choose between "Ask for vaginal photo" and "Ask for the anal photo".
	   Repeat this scene to take the second photo (vaginal or anal). (You can see the photos in Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Photo Library".)
 321. The next day after school, approach Billy.
	a) Make sure you have done step 320 a. Click on "Give him the poster". Jason gives Billy the "Shelle Nightmore poster Limited Edition" and Billy gives him the pliers.
	b) (Billy): Make sure you have done step 320 b. Click on "Show him picture with mom". Jason gives Billy the picture with Janice and Billy gives him the pliers.
 322. Go to Danielle's house and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside to repair the sink. Jason repairs the sink and has a talk with Danielle about Janice.
 323. Go to the beach. Janice and Danielle have a catfight.
 324. Come back to the beach and wait until Danielle is there. Click on "Come closer". Danielle and Jason have some fun in the water and then they lay on the towel.
	Danielle says that she pulled a neck muscle during the jump. Click on "Offer massage". Danielle's score must be 40 or higher.
	That way, you are able to increase Danielle's score up to 80. (There is a 20 % chance that Janice catches them. Janice's score decreases by 10.
	She will be mad at Jason for 7 days. During this "mad period" Janice refuses to have sex with Jason.)
 325. From now on, when Jason visits Danielle in her house, she opens the door in underwear.
 326. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the locker room and catch Kira there.
 327. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on "Text to Adrianna" and "Suggest something else". Click on his screen and on "Launch browser".
	Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store. Buy the "Basketball uniform".
 328. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the locker room.
 329. When Kira is not there, click on the locker door on the left side.
 330. The next day at 13:00 go to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Adrianna.
 331. The next day at 13:00 go to Jason's room. Jason receives a picture from Adrianna.
 332. Go to the school and approach Kevin. He tells Jason about the cheerleader practice on weekends.
 333. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. She asks Jason to pay her $100 for the key.
	Click on "Pay now".
 334. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on "Text to Adrianna" and "Cheerleader & jock".
 335. Go to the school on weekends at 16:00 or later and go inside the school. Choose between "Be gentle" and "Be rough".
	When Adrianna's gentle/rough score reaches +10 or -10, you see additional animations, depending on your choice. Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum on her face".


0.21  Janice:460  Julia:360  Kelly:330  Emma:380  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:225  Rachel:310  Danielle:150  Kira:10
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 336. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. Knock on the door again until Rachel opens the door.
	She asks Jason if he has talked to Emma. Jason says that he has not. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Sure". Rachel goes away to get dressed.
	Click on "Follow her". When she gets undressed, click on "Approach her". Choose between "Be gentle" and "Be rough".
	Billy comes home and catches Rachel and Jason having sex.
 337. The next day after school, approach Billy. He is mad at Jason. He tells Jason that he does not care about Janice anymore and that Shelle Nightmore is his new idol.
 338. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and go to the "Cosplay Store". Buy the "Shelle Nightmore Cosplay kit".
 339. When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure" and "Give her Cosplay kit". Janice and Jason go to the beach. Jason takes some pictures.
	When you do this on Fridays and Saturdays, Janice gives Jason a blowjob after taking the pictures.
	(You can see the photos in Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Photo Library".)
 340. The next day after school, approach Billy. Jason shows him the photo with Shelle Nightmore. Billy asks Jason for a photo with a naked Shelle Nightmore.
 341. When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure" and "Give her Cosplay kit". Janice and Jason go to the beach. Click on "Naked photoshoot".
	Jason takes some pictures. (You can see one photo in Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Photo Library".)
 342. The next day after school, approach Billy. Jason shows him the photos with the naked Shelle Nightmore.
 343. (Billy): When you have done the steps 265 b, 320 b and 321 b, click on "Invite him to the next photoshoot".
 344. (Billy): When Janice visits Jason in his room at night on Fridays and Saturdays, click on "Sure" and "Give her Cosplay kit". Janice and Jason go to the beach.
	Choose between "Ordinary photoshoot" and "Naked photoshoot". Jason takes some pictures. Janice gives Jason a blowjob after taking the pictures.
	Now click on "Call Billy". Janice gives Jason and Billy a blowjob. You can change to Jason and Billy.
	When you click on "Continue", Jason and Billy cum on Janice's face.
 345. (Billy): When Janice visits Jason in his room at night on Fridays and Saturdays, click on "Sure" and "Give her Cosplay kit". Janice and Jason go to the beach.
	Choose between "Ordinary photoshoot" and "Naked photoshoot". Jason takes some pictures. Janice gives Jason a blowjob after taking the pictures.
	Now click on "Tell him to stay and watch". Jason fucks Janice's pussy while Billy watches.
	On Monday after school Billy approaches Jason and says he knows that Shelle actually is Janice.
 346. (Billy): When Janice visits Jason in his room at night on Fridays and Saturdays, click on "Sure" and "Give her Cosplay kit". Janice and Jason go to the beach.
	Choose between "Ordinary photoshoot" and "Naked photoshoot". Jason takes some pictures. Janice gives Jason a blowjob after taking the pictures.
	Now click on "Call Billy". Janice gives Jason and Billy a blowjob. You can change to Jason and Billy.
	When you click on "Continue", Jason and Billy cum on Janice's face. Billy calls Janice by her name and reveals he knew it is her.
	From now on Janice and Billy no longer appear together on the pier.
 347. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. Knock on the door again until Rachel opens the door.
	She asks Jason if he has talked to Emma. Jason says that he has not. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Sure". Rachel goes away to get dressed.
	Click on "Follow her". When she gets undressed, click on "Approach her". Choose between "Be gentle" and "Be rough".
	When Rachel's gentle/rough score reaches +5 or -5, you see additional animations, depending on your choice. Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside".
 348. Go to Danielle's house and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "About her breast" to see her breasts again.
	Click on "Touch them" to let Jason touch her breasts. To succeed, Danielle's score must be 100 or higher, otherwise the chance is 50 %.
	Click on "Taste the nipple" to let Jason suck on her nipple. To succeed, Danielle's score must be 120 or higher, otherwise the chance is 50 %.
 349. After Jason has touched Danielle's breasts and sucked on her nipple, go to the beach and wait until Danielle is there. Click on "Come closer".
	Danielle and Jason have some fun in the water and then they lay on the towel. Danielle says that she pulled a neck muscle during the jump. Click on "Offer massage".
	(There is a 20 % chance that Janice catches them and the scene ends. Janice's score decreases by 10. She will be mad at Jason for 7 days.
	During this "mad period" Janice refuses to have sex with Jason.) After the massage, Danielle and Jason go behind the lifeguard tower.
	Jason fucks Danielle's tits and cums on her face. (There is a 20 % chance that Janice catches them. Janice's score decreases by 10.
	She will be mad at Jason for 7 days. During this "mad period" Janice refuses to have sex with Jason.)


0.22  Janice:460  Julia:360  Kelly:330  Emma:380  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:225  Rachel:310  Danielle:150  Kira:40
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 350. Make sure you have done Janice's birthday night (step 90) and the day is 60 or higher. On weekdays after school click on "Go home". On weekends go to the living room.
	John returns home and presents Janice a bunch of flowers. (John stays at home for 7 days and is away for 14 days.)
 351. (John): Catch Janice in the living room reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Talk about Dad and her".
 352. (John): Wake up at night and go to the bedroom. Click on "Come closer". Then click on "Step closer", "Eat her ass", "Stick your tongue" and 3 times in a row on "Push".
 353. (John): Go home and to Jason's room. (On weekends this happens automatically.) Janice and Jason have a little talk about last night.
 354. (John): Catch Janice in the living room reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Secret meeting".
 355. (John): Go to sleep and click on "Wake up". Go to the living room at 2:00 and click on the bathroom door. John interrupts the scene.
 356. (John): Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Talk about sleeping problems".
	Kelly asks Jason to replace her at work. After 3 hours, Kelly returns and gives Jason the sleeping pills.
 357. (John): Go to the living room at 20:00. John watches a game. Click on "Ask about the game". He asks Jason to bring him a beer.
 358. (John): Go to the kitchen. Click on the fridge. Jason gets a bottle of beer. Click on "Add the sleeping pills".
 359. (John): Go back to the living room. Click on "Ask about the game". Jason gives John the "sleeping" beer.
 360. (John): Wake up at night and go to the bedroom. Click on "Come closer". Click on "Eat her ass", "Stick your tongue" and 3 times in a row on "Push".
 361. (John): Now repeat the "Secret meeting" and John does not interrupt the scene: Catch Janice in the living room reading a book.
	Click on "Talk to her" and "Secret meeting".
 362. (John): Go to the living room at 20:00. John watches a game. Click on "Ask about the game". He asks Jason to bring him a beer. Go to the kitchen. Click on the fridge.
	Jason gets a bottle of beer. Click on "Add the sleeping pills" and "Leave as it is". Go back to the living room. Click on "Ask about the game".
	Jason gives John the "sleeping" beer.
 363. (John): Go to sleep and click on "Wake up". Go to the living room at 2:00 and click on the bathroom door. Now click on "Fuck her pussy" or "Fuck her ass".
	Then click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside". When you click on "Cum outside", choose between "Cum on her face" and "Cum in her mouth".
 364. (John): When Jason does not have sex with Janice during the time John is at home and John leaves after 7 days, Janice has sex with Jason in the bedroom.
	Make sure you have done the complete anal training with Janice at night (step 204 b b). At the last day of John's stay at home go to the living room at 17:00 or later.
	John says goodbye. Janice drags Jason to the bedroom. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Vaginal": Jason fucks Janice's pussy. During the scene click on "Fuck her ass" or "Cum". When you choose to fuck her ass, click on "Cum" at the end of the scene.
	b) "Anal": Jason fucks Janice's ass and pussy. At the end of the scene click on "Cum".
	When you click on "Cum", Julia enters the room. You have 2 options:
		a) "Let Julia stay": Now click on "Vaginal" or "Anal" to shove Jason's hands in Janice's and Julia's pussies or asses. Then you have 2 options:
			a) "Janice": Jason fucks Janice's pussy. Julia shoves a hand in Janice's ass and Jason cums in Janice's pussy.
			b) "Julia": Jason fucks Julia's ass. Janice shoves a hand in Julia's pussy and Jason cums in Julia's ass.
		b) "Ask Julia to go away": Julia leaves the bedroom. Jason fucks Janice's pussy and cums in her.
 365. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her.
	She asks Jason to get her the tasks of the upcoming math test.
 366. Enter the classroom. When Jason finds Rebecca at her desk busy with papers, click on "Sneak to her" and "Play with the ass".
 367. After Jason takes off Rebecca's skirt, click on "Rub her butt". Jason cums all over the copy of the math test. Then Rebecca throws it in the recycle bin.
	When Rebecca is not looking, click on "Grab it!" to take the math test out of the recycle bin.
 368. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her to give her the math test. Kira's score increases by 10.
	She tells Jason to come back in a couple of days.
 369. At least 2 days later after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her.
	She asks Jason to break into the school and stick the math test answers under her table.
 370. Enter the classroom. Get the scene where Rebecca is waiting for Jason. Click on "Kiss her butt" and "Ask her to take off the pantyhose". Now click on "Fuck her".
	Choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum on her face". When Rebecca goes to clean herself, click on the window. When Rebecca is not looking, click on "Unlock the window".
 371. Go to the school after 21:00 and click on "Check the classroom's window". Jason says that the window is quite high and he will have to ask Billy for help.
 372. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Ask for help".
 373. Go to the school at 21:00 and meet Billy. He helps Jason to reach the unlocked window of the classroom. Jason sticks the math test answers under Kira's table.
 374. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her.
	Jason tells her that the job is done, exactly as she told him. Kira thanks Jason and appreciates his help. Kira's score increases by 10.
 375. Go to the pharmacy shop until 16:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Offer your help at the store".
	(If Kelly refuses, click on the map and come back again until she agrees.) After a while, Kira comes in.
	She asks Jason for medicine that would help her to calm down. After Kira leaves, Kelly returns and gives Jason some cash.
	(From now on Jason can go to the pharmacy shop to help Kelly. She gives Jason some cash for helping her.)
 376. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Jason gives her the Vitamine X. Kira's score increases by 10.
	Then Jason caresses Kira in the locker room.
 377. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on "Text to Adrianna" and "Cheerleader & jock".
 378. Go to the school on weekends at 16:00 or later and go inside the school. Choose between "Be gentle" and "Be rough".
	When Adrianna's gentle/rough score reaches +10 or -10, you see additional animations, depending on your choice. Kira watches Adrianna and Jason having sex.
	Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum on her face".


0.23  Janice:480  Julia:360  Kelly:330  Emma:380  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:225  Rachel:310  Danielle:150  Kira:40
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 379. (John): Go to the living room at 20:00. John watches a game. Click on "Ask about the game". He asks Jason to bring him a beer. Go to the kitchen. Click on the fridge.
	Jason gets a bottle of beer. Click on "Add the sleeping pills" to get a "sleeping" beer. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Add Vitamine X": Jason gets a "horny" beer. Go back to the living room. Click on "Ask about the game". Jason gives John the "horny" beer.
	   Wake up at night and go to the bedroom. The scene has 2 different directions, depending on Janice's gentle/rough score:
		a) Janice's gentle/rough score is 0 or higher: Janice gives John a blowjob. Jason fucks Janice's pussy.
		b) Janice's gentle/rough score is lower than 0: Click on "Pussy" to let Janice stick John's cock in her pussy. Jason fucks Janice's ass.
	   	   Click on "Ass" to let Janice stick John's cock in her ass. Jason fucks Janice's pussy.
	b) "Leave as it is": Go back to the living room. Click on "Ask about the game". Jason gives John the "sleeping" beer. Wake up at night and go to the bedroom.
	   Click on "Come closer". Now click on "Eat her ass", "Stick your tongue" and 3 times in a row on "Push".
 380. (John): Wake up at night and go to Julia's room. There is a chance that John comes in. He looks at Julia and touches her. Click on "Leave room".
 381. Go to Danielle's house and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Talk about Janice". Then click on "Nothing important (Leave)" to leave Danielle.
 382. Go home and to the living room. Catch Janice there reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Convince her to apologize Danielle". Janice continues to be persistent.
 383. On Wednesday go to the living room and wait for Janice to exercise. Click on "Offer to go jogging". Janice and Jason meet Danielle in the park.
	The conversation proceeds negatively.
 384. Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Talk about Danielle". Janice is still mad at her.
 385. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about Mom and Danielle". Julia suggests to give Janice a nice little present.
 386. Go to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Go to the "Veronica's Secret" store and buy "Veronica's Bikini".
 387. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Show the gift for mom". Jason and Julia go to the pool to give Janice the bikini.
	She puts it on. Now Janice agrees to talk to Danielle.
 388. Go to Danielle's house and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Tell her about Janice". She interrupts Jason and shows him her broken trimmer.
	Jason tells her that he will fix the broken trimmer.
 389. Go to the studio and talk to Adrianna. Click on "Ask about shaving". She tells Jason about the "VenusGlide 3000" trimmer. You must have done the cop roleplay with her.
 390. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Search for the VenusGlider 3000". Buy the "VenusGlide 3000" and the "Replacement kit for VenusGlide 3000".
 391. Go to Danielle's house and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Fix the Trimmer". Jason tells Danielle that Janice wants to reconcile with her.
	He invites Danielle to meet Janice at home.
 392. Go to the bathroom while Janice is taking a shower (between 20:00 and 22:00). Click on "Continue watching", "Join her" and "Body customization".
	Choose between different pubic hair styles and tattoos for Janice. When you choose a body tattoo, you can change the intensity with the slider.
	Finally, click on "Done!".
 393. Go to the bathroom when Julia is in the jacuzzi (21:00, 22:00 and additionally between 8:00 and 10:00 on weekends). Click on "Change pubic hair style".
	Choose between different pubic hair styles for Julia.
 394. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. From now on Jason randomly wakes up at night and hears some noises coming from the pool. Click on "Go check the pool".
	Jason goes to the pool. When John is at home, Janice, Danielle and John are sitting in the pool having some drinks. Jason says that he is trying to get some sleep.
	Danielle and John apologize to Jason and Jason goes back to sleep. When John is not at home, Janice and Danielle are sitting in the pool having some drinks.
	Janice asks Jason to bring them the liquor bottle from the dining room. Jason takes the whisky bottle. Click on "Add VitamineX".
	Jason goes back to the pool and gives Danielle the whisky bottle. Janice and Danielle start to fool around with Jason. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Janice": Click on "Stick in her pussy" or "Stick it in her ass" to fuck Janice's pussy or ass. During this you have different options:
	   - "Cum inside": Cum in Janice's pussy or ass.
	   - "Cum on their faces": Cum on Janice's and Danielle's faces.
	   - "Switch to her ass": Jason fucks Janice's ass. During this scene click on the whisky bottle. Jason empties the whisky bottle in Janice's asshole.
		 Then Janice squirts the whisky out of her asshole on Danielle's and Jason's faces.
	   - "Switch to her pussy": Jason fucks Janice's pussy.
	   - "Switch to Danielle": Jason fucks Danielle's pussy (step 394 b).
	b) "Danielle": Jason fucks Danielle's pussy. Now you have 3 options:
	   - "Cum inside": Cum in Danielle's pussy.
	   - "Cum on their faces": Cum on Janice's and Danielle's faces.
	   - "Switch to Janice": Jason fucks Janice's pussy (step 394 a).
 395. Go to Jason's room. Jason gets a message about a new sexy high cut swimsuit. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser".
	Go to the "Veronica's Secret" store and buy the "High cut swimsuit" for $150.
 396. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Give her High cut swimsuit".


0.24  Janice:480  Julia:360  Kelly:330  Emma:390  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:225  Rachel:400  Danielle:150  Kira:40
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 397. (Billy): When Janice visits Jason in his room at night on Fridays and Saturdays, click on "Sure" and "Give her Cosplay kit". Janice and Jason go to the beach.
	Choose between "Ordinary photoshoot" and "Naked photoshoot". Jason takes some pictures. Janice gives Jason a blowjob after taking the pictures.
	Now click on "Call Billy". Janice gives Jason and Billy a blowjob. You can change to Jason and Billy.
	When you click on "Continue", Jason and Billy cum on Janice's face. From now on Janice and Billy appear together on the pier again.
 398. (Billy): On Monday after school Billy approaches Jason and says that Janice is trying to avoid him. He asks Jason to help him fix the things with her.
	Click on "Ok I'll help".
 399. (Billy): Go home and to the living room. Catch Janice there reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Talk about Billy".
	Jason convinces Janice to let Billy see her body while sunbathing at the beach.
 400. (Billy): The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Tell him the great news".
	Jason tells Billy that Janice agreed to meet him at the beach without the costume.
 401. (Billy): Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. There can be 2 scenes:
	a) Rachel opens the door and asks Jason if he has talked to Emma. Jason says that he has not. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Nah, I need to go".
	   Knock on the door again. When Billy opens the door, click on "invite him to the beach".
	b) Billy opens the door. Click on "invite him to the beach".
 402. (Billy): Billy and Jason meet Janice on the remote part of the beach. Billy touches Janice's tits. Then she asks Jason and Billy to leave.
 403. (Billy): Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. There can be 2 scenes:
	a) Rachel opens the door and asks Jason if he has talked to Emma. Jason says that he has not. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Nah, I need to go".
	   Knock on the door again. When Billy opens the door, click on "invite him to the beach".
	b) Billy opens the door. Click on "invite him to the beach".
 404. (Billy): Billy and Jason meet Janice on the remote part of the beach. Billy touches Janice's tits and sucks on one of them. Janice gets horny and tells Billy to leave.
	Now there can be 2 different scenes:
	a) Janice's gentle/rough score is 0 or higher: You get the vaginal hardcore scene. When Janice's gentle/rough score reaches +7 and +9, you see additional animations.
	   Click on "Cum inside" or "Cum on her face".
	b) Janice's gentle/rough score is lower than 0: You get the anal hardcore scene. When Janice's gentle/rough score reaches -7 and -9, you see additional animations.
	   Click on "Cum inside" or "Cum on her face".
 405. Go to Emma's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Talk about Rachel". Jason tells Emma that his friend's mom is having a hard time losing some weight.
	Jason asks Emma for help and to give Rachel some tips. Emma tells Jason about her niece, who soon moves in with her.
	Her niece is a medical student and applied for a practice program at the hospital. Emma asks Jason to deliver some of her niece's documents to the hospital.
	Then she will help Rachel.
 406. Go to the hospital and click on "Go inside". Now click on "Approach receptionist" and "Give her Emma's envelope".
	The receptionist checks the registration papers and asks Jason to pay the registration fee. Click on "Pay the fee" to give her $100.
 407. Go to Emma's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Tell about delivered documents".
	Emma tells Jason that she visited Rachel and that she gave her some tips. From now on Jason can meet Emma and Rachel jogging in front of his home.
 408. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. Knock on the door again until Rachel opens the door.
	Jason asks Rachel about her weight losing program. She tells Jason that Emma is an amazing teacher and she thanks Jason for introducing her to Emma.
 409. At least 7 days later go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	Knock on the door again until Rachel opens the door. She asks Jason for dumbbells. Jason tells Rachel to get her the dumbbells.
 410. The next day after school, approach Kevin. Click on "Ask about dumbbells." He asks Jason to give him the school door's key.
	Approach Kevin again and click on "Give him The Key".
 411. The next day after school, approach Kevin. Click on "Ask about the dumbbells". Jason receives the dumbbells and the school door's key from Kevin.
 412. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. Knock on the door again until Rachel opens the door.
	Jason gives her the dumbbells.
 413. At least 7 days later go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	Knock on the door again until Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Go in". She is exercising and asks Jason to get her weight loss supplements.
	Then she asks Jason if he wants a cup of coffee. Click on "No, I need to go".
 414. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Now you have 2 possibilities:
	a) "Ask about Weight loss supplements": When Kelly's score is 320 or higher, she asks Jason to pay her $100 for the supplements.
	   Click on "Pay" to buy the supplements.
	b) "Offer your help at the store": Choose this when Kelly's score is lower than 320 or to steal the supplements.
	   (If Kelly refuses, click on the map and come back again until she agrees.) Now click on "Search for the supplements".
	   Jason could get caught by Kelly and her score decreases by 10. When Jason does not get caught by Kelly, click on "Take it".
 415. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. Knock on the door again until Rachel asks Jason to come inside.
	She is exercising and Jason gives her the weight loss supplements. Then she asks Jason if he wants a cup of coffee. Click on "No, I need to go".
 416. At least 7 days later go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	Knock on the door again until Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Go in". She is exercising and tells Jason she wants to show him something.
	Rachel comes back wearing a corset. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Pussy": Jason licks and fucks Rachel's pussy. Now click on "Stick it back into her pussy" to fuck her pussy in different positions.
	   When you click on "Stick in her ass", Rachel does not allow Jason to fuck her ass and he continues to fuck her pussy in different positions.
	   Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Pull out".
	b) "Ass": Jason licks Rachel's ass. She does not allow Jason to fuck her ass. Jason fucks Rachel's pussy in different positions.
	   Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Pull out".
 417. Make sure you have lube. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	When Rachel asks you to come in, click on "Leave". Get the scene where Rachel opens the door wearing her red robe.
	When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed.
	Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Ask her to show the shoes". Now click on "Stomach". Rachel lays on her stomach and Jason massages her legs.
	Click on "Play with her ass". Now click on "Take off panties" and "Stick your finger in". Jason uses the lube and sticks 2 fingers in Rachel's ass.
	Finally, Jason fucks Rachel's ass and cums in her. When you repeat the scene there is a 50 % chance that Billy comes home near the end of the scene.
 418. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. Make sure you have lube. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	When Rachel opens the door, click on "Leave" to end the scene. Knock on the door again until Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Go in".
	She is exercising and tells Jason she wants to show him something. She comes back wearing a corset. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Pussy": Jason licks and fucks Rachel's pussy. Now click on "Stick it back into her pussy" to fuck her pussy in different positions.
	   Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Pull out".
	b) "Ass": Jason licks Rachel's ass and fucks her ass in different positions. Finally, click on "Cum on her face" or "Tell her to sit back on your cock".


0.25  Janice:480  Julia:370  Kelly:330  Emma:390  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:225  Rachel:400  Danielle:150  Kira:200
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 419. Make sure Kira's score is 40 or higher and you have done the previous events with Kira (see 0.20 and 0.22). The next day after school go inside the school.
	Go to the locker room and catch Kira there. Click on "Approach her" and "Compliment her".
 420. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the locker room and catch Kira there.
	When Kira's score is 50 or higher, click on "Approach her" and "Ask her to show cheer moves".
 421. When Jason hears that someone is in the shower room, click on the door to the shower room. Jason looks at Kira taking a shower. The door squeaks and Kira startles.
	Jason leaves the shower room.
 422. (John): If John is not at home, wait until he comes home. Now click on the map and on Jason's home. When Jason is standing in front of his home, click on John's car.
	Jason takes an oil can out of the trunk.
 423. Go inside the school and go to the locker room. When no one is there and no one is in the shower, click on the door to the shower room.
	Now click on "Oil the door's hinge".
 424. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the locker room and wait until Jason hears that someone is taking a shower. Click on the door to the shower room.
	Jason looks at Kira taking a shower. He enters the shower room and takes a closer look at Kira.
 425. The next day after school go inside the school. Kira approaches Jason and asks him for help with her algebra homework.
 426. Make sure you have done the steps 259 and 260. Enter the classroom.
	When Jason finds Rebecca at her desk busy with papers, click on "Talk" and "Ask for help with Kira's homework".
 427. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Give back her finished homework".
 428. Go to the locker room and wait until Jason hears that someone is taking a shower. Click on the door to the shower room. Jason looks at Kira taking a shower.
	He enters the shower room and takes a closer look at Kira. Click on "Step in". Jason enters the shower. Kira is surprised and kicks Jason out of the shower.
 429. Make sure you have suncream. Go to the beach and meet Kira sunbathing at 17:00 or 18:00. Click on "Approach her".
	Click on "Talk about tan lines" and choose the strength of Kira's tan lines. Now click on "Ask about her plans".
	When she asks Jason if she is the hottest girl he have ever laid hands on, click on "Yes". Repeat this and then click on "Touch her butt" and "Rub her pussy".
	Kira says that she liked that, but is afraid that Mike sees them.
 430. The next day after school go inside the school. Go to the locker room and wait until Jason hears that someone is taking a shower. Click on the door to the shower room.
	Jason looks at Kira taking a shower. He enters the shower room and takes a closer look at Kira. Click on "Step in". Jason enters the shower.
	Kira does not kick Jason out of the shower and touches his cock. Then Mike enters the shower room. Jason hides behind the shower curtain.
	Kira tells Mike to wait for her in the car and to get out of the shower room, before he gets her into trouble.
 431. Go inside the school at 16:00 and go to the toilet. Jason sees Mike jerking off to Julia's picture.
 432. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Ask her a favor".
	Jason convinces Julia to be photographed with Mike while she is wearing a cheerleader outfit.
 433. Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the cheerleader outfit".
	Adrianna tells Jason to come back tomorrow to give him the cheerleader outfit.
 434. The next day go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 again and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the cheerleader outfit".
	Adrianna gives Jason the "Cheerleader costume".
 435. Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Give her Cheerleader costume". Julia's score increases by 10.
 436. Go inside the school at 16:00 and go to the toilet. Jason sees Mike jerking off to Julia's picture. Now click on "Call Julia". Mike forces himself on Julia.
	Jason takes some pictures of it.
 437. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Show her the pictures of Mike".
	Now Kira gets very angry at Mike.
 438. Go to the locker room and wait until Jason hears that someone is taking a shower. Click on the door to the shower room. Jason looks at Kira taking a shower.
	He enters the shower room and takes a closer look at Kira. Click on "Step in". Jason enters the shower. Kira strokes Jason's cock and Jason rubs her tit and pussy.
	Jason tells Kira that his cock would feel even better in her mouth. Kira stops and has concerns about a blowjob. Jason feels sympathetic towards Kira.
	Kira's score increases by 10.
 439. Make sure Kira's score is 140 or higher. Go to the beach at 20:00. Jason sees Kira sitting on the pier. Step on the pier. Jason realizes that Kira is crying.
	He sits down next to her. Kira thinks that she is ugly, but Jason assures her that she is the prettiest girl in the whole town. They kiss each other.
	Kira's score increases by 10.
 440. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Talk about the debt".
	Jason caresses Kira in the locker room. Rebecca interrupts them.
 441. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Talk about the debt".
	Jason caresses Kira in the locker room. Then they enter the shower. Kira strokes Jason's cock and Jason rubs her tit and pussy. Then Kira gives Jason a blowjob.
	She stops and says that she cannot do it. Jason feels sympathetic towards Kira. Kira's score increases by 10.
 442. The next day after school go inside the school. Make sure Kira's score is 160 or higher. Now you have 2 possibilities to continue.
	No matter what you choose, the outcome is always the same:
	a) Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Talk about the debt". Jason caresses Kira in the locker room.
	   If Rebecca interrupts them, repeat this step. Then they enter the shower. Kira strokes Jason's cock and Jason rubs her tit and pussy.
	   Then Kira gives Jason a blowjob. After the blowjob, Jason licks and fucks Kira's pussy. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum on her face".
	   Kira's score increases by 10 (up to 200).
	b) Go to the locker room and wait until Jason hears that someone is taking a shower. Click on the door to the shower room. Jason looks at Kira taking a shower.
	   He enters the shower room and takes a closer look at Kira. Click on "Step in". Jason enters the shower. Kira strokes Jason's cock and Jason rubs her tit and pussy.
	   Then Kira gives Jason a blowjob. After the blowjob, Jason licks and fucks Kira's pussy. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum on her face".
	   Kira's score increases by 10 (up to 200).


0.26  Janice:500  Julia:370  Kelly:330  Emma:450  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:225  Rachel:450  Danielle:150  Kira:200  Kendra:20
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 443. Make sure you have done the documents delivery for Emma's niece (steps 405 to 407). At least 7 days later go to Emma's house until 19:00.
	Jason meets Kendra, Emma's niece. Kendra's score increases by 5.
 444. Go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra. Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Ask for the birth information".
	She tells Jason that she is just a nurse and has no access to the archives.
 445. Go to the park at 17:00 or later. Do not click on "Sit on the bench". Wait for Kendra reading a book on the bench and approach her.
	She tells Jason that she loves reading outside. Kendra's score increases by 5.
 446. The next day go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra. Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Ask for the birth information".
	Jason asks Kendra to tell him where the archives are. She tells him that she does not know it because she is new at the hospital.
	She also doubts that Jason would gain access.
 447. Go to the park at 17:00 or later. Do not click on "Sit on the bench". Wait for Kendra reading a book on the bench and approach her. Click on "Ask about books".
	Jason learns that Kendra is looking for the book "Even less shades of pink".
 448. Go home and to Julia's room when she is not in there and click on the bookcase beside the bed. Jason takes the book "Even less shades of pink".
 449. Go to the park at 17:00 or later. Do not click on "Sit on the bench". Wait for Kendra reading a book on the bench and approach her. Click on "Give her the book".
	Kendra's score increases by 10.
 450. Make sure John is not at home. Also make sure you have done the threesome with Janice and Emma (step 170) and the previous events with Rachel (up to step 418).
	On Tuesday go to the living room until 19:00. Janice shows Emma the necklace Jason gave her as a birthday present. Emma takes a closer look.
	She recognizes it as her stolen necklace and realizes that Rick is not the one who stole it. Jason confesses to be the thief and apologizes. Janice is mad at Jason.
	(During this "mad period" Janice refuses to have sex with Jason until you complete the steps 451 to 453.) Emma is not mad at Jason.
	Janice suggests that she and Emma should go out tonight to have some drinks and forget about everything.
 451. Later that night Emma and Rachel come by to pick up Janice. When they return, Jason wakes up and hears some noises coming from the living room.
	He goes to the living room. Janice, Emma and Rachel are there having some drinks. Click on "Stay in a room". Jason sees that Janice comes closer to get more drinks.
	Jason goes to the hallway. Go to sleep.
 452. Make sure you have at least 4 Vitamine X. From now on, when John is not at home, Jason randomly wakes up at night and hears some noises coming from the living room.
	Click on "Go check the living room". Janice, Emma and Rachel are having some drinks. Take a look at the color of their drinks.
	Click on "Sneak to the bar cabinet" and "Go for it!". Choose the bottle that matches the color of their drinks and click on "Add VitamineX".
	Now click 3 times in a row on "Add more VitamineX". When you have added 4 Vitamine X, click on "Done".
 453. Janice, Emma and Rachel start to fool around among themselves. Janice sees Jason and invites him to join them.
	Now choose between one of them and click on "Vaginal" or "Anal" (Janice: "Pussy" or "Butt"). When you choose "Anal" or "Butt", click on "Use lube" or "Don't use lube".
	For Janice and Rachel: When you choose to use the lube, her gentle/rough score increases by 1. When you choose to not use the lube, it decreases by 1.
	Now you have different options:
	a) "Switch to Anal" (and "Use lube" or "Don't use lube"): Jason fucks her ass and uses the lube or not.
	b) "Switch to Pussy": Jason fucks her pussy.
	c) "Switch to Janice" or "Switch to Emma" or "Switch to Rachel" and "Pussy": Jason fucks her pussy.
	d) "Switch to Janice" or "Switch to Emma" or "Switch to Rachel" and "Ass" (and "Use lube" or "Don't use lube"): Jason fucks her ass and uses the lube or not.
	e) "Cum" and "Cum inside" or "Cum on their faces": Jason cums in her pussy or on their faces.
	   Janice's, Emma's and Rachel's scores increase by 10 (Janice: up to 500, Emma and Rachel: up to 450).
	   The first time you do this, Jason gets +10 total energy (now at 85) and Janice is no longer mad at Jason.
	   The options "Cum inside" and "Cum on their faces" only appear when Jason fucks one of them in her pussy.
	Remarks:
	a) When you choose "Use lube", this stays permanent during the whole scene for the one Jason fucks in the ass. It is a onetime choice for each and every one of them.
	   So, when Jason fucks her ass during this scene again, it is still lubricated.
	b) When you choose "Don't use lube", this stays permanent during the whole scene for Emma and Rachel. It is a onetime choice for the two of them.
	   So, when Jason fucks Emma's or Rachel's asses during this scene again, they stay unlubricated.
	   When Jason fucks Janice's ass during this scene again, choose between "Use lube" and "Don't use lube".
	c) To see an additional animation, click on the following choices and Jason fucks Emma's ass while he shoves his hands in Janice's and Rachel's asses:
	   "Janice", "Butt", "Use lube" -> "Switch to Emma", "Ass", "Use lube" -> "Switch to Rachel", "Ass", "Use lube" -> "Switch to Emma", "Ass".
	d) There is an alternative ending of the scene. Click on the following choices and Janice punishes Jason for stealing Emma's necklace:
	   "Emma", "Vaginal" -> "Switch to Rachel", "Ass", "Don't use lube" -> "Switch to Emma", "Ass", "Use lube" -> "Switch to Janice", "Pussy" -> "Switch to Emma", "Ass" ->
	   "Switch to Rachel", "Pussy" -> "Switch to Janice", "Ass", "Use lube". Janice squeezes Jason's cock and balls inside her ass and does not let him pull out.
	   When you play this particular scene, you will not be able to continue with step 454. Repeat the steps 452 and 453 and avoid this alternative ending.
 454. Go to Jason's room. Jason gets a message about the arrival of the new sexy premium quality lingerie. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser".
	Go to the "Veronica's Secret" store and buy "Veronica's lingerie" for $500.
 455. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Give her Veronica's lingerie".
 456. When Janice's score is 500 or higher, go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Daily clothes".
	From now on you can also choose "Veronica's stockings only" (within "Lingerie") and "Nude".
 457. Go to the pharmacy shop at 22:00. The receptionist comes out of the pharmacy shop. She sees Jason and is startled.
 458. The next day at 20:00 go to the pharmacy shop again. The receptionist approaches the pharmacy shop. She sees Jason and is startled again.
 459. The next day at 19:00 go to the pharmacy shop again and click on "Hide". The receptionist enters the pharmacy shop at 21:00. Jason also enters the pharmacy shop.
	He hears some noises coming from a door. Jason follows the distant voices down to the basement and finds a BDSM dungeon. Kelly punishes the receptionist.
 460. From now on, when you go to the pharmacy shop at 20:00 and click on "Go in", there are 2 different scenes (50 % by chance) of Kelly punishing the receptionist.
 461. (Billy): Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. Get the scene where Rachel opens the door and calls Billy. Click on "invite him to the beach".
 462. (Billy): Billy and Jason meet Janice on the remote part of the beach. Billy touches Janice's tits and sucks on one of them. Janice gets horny and tells Billy to leave.
	Click on "Ask Billy to stay and watch". Make sure Janice's score is 430 or higher. Now there can be 2 different scenes:
	a) Janice's gentle/rough score is 0 or higher: You get the vaginal hardcore scene while Billy watches and masturbates.
	   When Janice's gentle/rough score reaches +7 and +9, you see additional animations. Jason cums in Janice's pussy and Billy cums in front of Janice and Jason.
	b) Janice's gentle/rough score is lower than 0: You get the anal hardcore scene while Billy watches and masturbates.
	   When Janice's gentle/rough score reaches -7 and -9, you see additional animations. Jason cums in Janice's ass and Billy cums in front of Janice and Jason.


0.27  Janice:500  Julia:370  Kelly:330  Emma:450  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:225  Rachel:450  Danielle:240  Kira:200  Kendra:20
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 463. Make sure Jason has fucked Danielle's tits at the beach behind the lifeguard tower (step 349). Go to Danielle's house and knock on the door.
	She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Ask her why she is still sleeping". She tells Jason that she was watching her favorite TV series.
	Jason is in doubt and wonders what Danielle is doing at night. Now click on "Nothing important (Leave)".
 464. Go to Danielle's house at 20:00 or later and wait until the lights are out in her bedroom. Now click on "Sneak to the backyard".
	Jason hears that Danielle is doing a webcam show.
 465. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Search for the Danielle's stream". Jason finds the webcam site.
	He does not know Danielle's nickname to access her stream.
 466. The next day go to Danielle's house and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Ask for drink".
	Danielle leaves the bedroom to get Jason a glass of water. Click on the small white paper beside the bed. It is a paycheck from the "TwistCams" streaming website.
	On this paycheck Jason finds Danielle's nickname. It is "xBustyDanx". Now click on "Nothing important (Leave)".
 467. Go home and to Jason's room. Between 20:00 and 22:00 click on his screen and go to the "TwistCams" website. Now click on the "xBustyDanx" icon.
	When Danielle is online, Jason watches her show. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Tip her": Choose between "$20", "$50" and "$100" to pay Danielle for her webcam show. Repeat this to increase Jason's "Top Lover" value (see step 468).
	b) "Keep watching": Watch the show without paying Danielle.
	At the end of the show, when Jason's "Top Lover" value is lower than $520, click on "Turn off".
 468. At these "Top Lover" values you unlock different events:
	a) $520: "TheBoss69" (Jason) is now Danielle's "Top Lover". Click on "Ask for a private videocall show". Danielle is surprised that Jason is the "Top Lover".
	   She quits the video call. The next day after school Danielle talks to Jason. She asks him not to tell anyone about her webcam show.
	   From now on, after Jason watched all 3 shows (dildo, masturbation, pole dance), Danielle randomly appears in one of 5 outfits during her webcam show.
	b) $750: The next day after school Danielle talks to Jason again. She says that he should not spend that much money on her.
	   Jason tells Danielle not to worry about it and that he really likes her shows.
	c) $1000: The next day after school Danielle talks to Jason again. She comes up with an idea because Jason spent so much money on her streams.
	   Danielle suggests him to make money instead of spending it and that they could make a stream together. Jason likes the idea.
	   Danielle tells him to come to her place at 21:00 on Friday.
 469. On Friday at 21:00 go to Danielle's house and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Danielle and Jason do the webcam show together.
 470. Repeat step 469 to increase Danielle's score up to 240 and to unlock more sub-scenes. Jason earns more money with each unlocked sub-scene.
	When your energy is 85 or higher, the show is longer. At the end of the webcam show click on "Go home".
 471. From the moment on when Danielle asks Jason to stay for the night, Jason can go to Danielle's house daily at 21:00 to do the webcam show with her.
 472. If you have chosen "Tattoo + piercing" or "Tattoo only" in step 271 for Danielle and her score is 200 or higher, go to her house until 13:00 and knock on the door.
	She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Ask about tattoos". Now click on "Outfit" to see Danielle naked. Then choose between 4 different tattoo styles for Danielle.
	Finally, click on "Done".
 473. (John): With this and the next step you decide on John's fate (let him stay or kick him out). Make sure Janice's score is 500 or higher.
	Also make sure you have done step 364. If John is not at home, wait until he comes home. Do not have sex with Janice during the time John is at home.
	At the last day of John's stay at home go to the living room until 16:00. Click on the airline tickets on the table to take them.
 474. (John): Make sure your energy is 85 or higher. Go to the living room at 17:00 or later. John says goodbye. Janice drags Jason to the bedroom. You have 2 options:
	a) "Vaginal": Jason fucks Janice's pussy. Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Fuck her ass": Jason fucks Janice's ass. John comes back and enters the bedroom looking for his airline tickets. He catches Janice and Jason having sex.
		    After a hefty conversation, you have 2 options:
			a) "Let him stay": John stays at home for 7 days and goes away for 14 days just like before.
		   	   But from now on, when John is at home, he no longer bothers by day and sleeps on the couch in the living room at night.
		   	   During this time the scenes at night in the living room are locked.
			b) "Kick him out": Janice and Jason kick John out and he leaves permanently. John leaves the car in the driveway.
		   At the end of the scene Jason fucks Janice's pussy and cums in her.
	   	b) "Cum": Jason cums prematurely in Janice's pussy. John comes back. He is in the living room asking Janice for his airline tickets.
		   Janice demands Jason to hide beside the bed. Jason hides beside the bed. John enters the bedroom to take is airline tickets from the nightstand and leaves.
		   That way, you failed to decide on John's fate.
	b) "Anal": Jason fucks Janice's ass and pussy. John comes back and enters the bedroom looking for his airline tickets. He catches Janice and Jason having sex.
	   After a hefty conversation, you have 2 options:
		a) "Let him stay": John stays at home for 7 days and goes away for 14 days just like before.
		   But from now on, when John is at home, he no longer bothers by day and sleeps on the couch in the living room at night.
		   During this time the scenes at night in the living room are locked.
		b) "Kick him out": Janice and Jason kick John out and he leaves permanently. John leaves the car in the driveway.
	   At the end of the scene Jason fucks Janice's pussy and cums in her.
 475. From now on you can repeat the sex scene with Janice in the bedroom (step 364) this way: Go to the bedroom at 20:00 or 21:00. Catch Janice taking a nap.
	Click on "Get on the bed". Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Vaginal": Jason fucks Janice's pussy. During the scene click on "Fuck her ass" or "Cum". When you choose to fuck her ass, click on "Cum" at the end of the scene.
	b) "Anal": Jason fucks Janice's ass and pussy. At the end of the scene click on "Cum".
	When you click on "Cum", Julia enters the room. You have 2 options:
		a) "Let Julia stay": Click on "Vaginal" or "Anal" to shove Jason's hands in Janice's and Julia's pussies or asses. You have 2 options:
			a) "Janice": Jason fucks Janice's pussy. Julia shoves a hand in Janice's ass and Jason cums in Janice's pussy.
			b) "Julia": Jason fucks Julia's ass. Janice shoves a hand in Julia's pussy and Jason cums in Julia's ass.
		b) "Ask Julia to go away": Julia leaves the bedroom. Then Jason fucks Janice's pussy and cums in her.


0.28  Janice:500  Julia:370  Kelly:330  Emma:450  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:225  Rachel:450  Danielle:240  Kira:200  Kendra:80
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 476. Go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra. Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Ask again about birth information".
	She tells Jason that the archives are on the first floor and that she does not have access there. Now leave the hospital.
	The next day go to the hospital until 13:00 and click on "Go inside". Now click on "Look for the archives". The receptionist holds Jason back.
	She tells him to check in first and that the hospital has strict security rules.
 477. Go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra. Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Ask her about hospital's security".
	She says that there were many thefts of Vitamine X lately. She jokingly tells Jason that there is no way to enter unnoticed unless he has a broken leg.
 478. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Tell him about your idea". Jason asks Billy to break his own leg to get hospitalized.
	That way, Jason can visit him in the hospital and is able to go to the archives. Billy refuses and tells Jason that several bruises should be enough.
 479. Go to the beach and wait for the red hoodie guy. Click on "Approach him" or "Approach the hoodie guy". Jason taunts the red hoodie guy and then he punches Jason.
	Janice comes by and calls for help. The red hoodie guy elopes.
 480. Make sure you have done the steps 443 to 449. In the hospital room, Kendra says that Jason seems to be fine. Click on "Tell her that you are feeling dizzy".
	Kendra thinks that Jason should stay for further observation. Kendra tells Janice that tonight is her shift and that she will take care of Jason personally.
 481. At night click on "Call Kendra". Jason tells Kendra that he is bored and he thought that they could have a talk about books or something like that.
	She tells Jason that she does not have the time because she has to look after other patients too. The next day Kendra discharges Jason from the hospital.
 482. Go to the park at 17:00 or later. Do not click on "Sit on the bench". Wait for Kendra reading a book on the bench and approach her. Click on "Chat".
	Kendra asks Jason about his injured eye. He tells her that his eye sometimes hurts when he looks up. Kendra takes a closer look at Jason's eye.
	He tells her that she has very beautiful eyes. Kendra's score increases by 10. Repeat this to increase Kendra's score up to 60.
 483. Now you have 2 possibilities to continue. No matter what you choose, the outcome is always the same:
	a) The next day go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra. Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Complain about the pain".
	   Kendra tells Jason to follow her to do some tests. After all the tests are done, she says that tomorrow morning the results are available.
	b) The next day repeat the steps 479 and 480.
 484. At night click on "Call Kendra". Jason tells Kendra that he is bored and he thought that they could have a talk about books or something like that.
	Kendra stays with Jason and they have a conversation about the book "The even less shades of pink". Kendra's score increases by 10.
	After a while, the conversation ends because Kendra has to look after other patients. The next day Kendra discharges Jason from the hospital.
 485. On weekdays go to the hospital at 13:00. Kendra is standing in front of the hospital. Click on "Approach Kendra".
	Kendra tells Jason that she is getting lots of complains at work. Yuki, the receptionist, does not like her and she wants Kendra to get fired.
	Jason tells her that he will try to talk to the receptionist.
 486. Click on "Go inside", "Approach receptionist" and "Talk about Kendra". The receptionist refuses to talk about employees with random visitors.
	Jason tells the receptionist that he heard she is trying to get Kendra fired. She admits that she wants Kendra gone.
	Jason says that Kendra is honestly trying her best and that she cannot get her fired. The receptionist does not depart from her purpose to get Kendra fired.
 487. Go to the pharmacy shop at 20:00 and click on "Go in". Jason goes to the BDSM dungeon and records how Kelly punishes the receptionist.
 488. The next day go to the hospital and click on "Go inside". Now click on "Approach receptionist" and "Show her the video". Jason shows the receptionist the BDSM video.
	Jason tells her that the video will go directly to the hospital's administration, if Kendra will be fired. Leave the hospital.
 489. On weekdays go to the hospital at 14:00. Kendra is standing in front of the hospital. Click on "Approach Kendra".
	Jason tells her that he has talked to the receptionist and convinced her to change her mind about Kendra and that she no longer needs to worry about the receptionist.
	Kendra's score increases by 10.
 490. Make sure you have sleeping pills. Now you have 2 possibilities to continue. No matter what you choose, the outcome is always the same:
	a) Click on "Go inside" to enter the hospital. Wait for Kendra. Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Complain about the pain".
	   Kendra tells Jason to follow her to do some tests. After all the tests are done, she says that tomorrow morning the results are available.
	b) Repeat the steps 479 and 480.
 491. At night click on "Call Kendra". Jason tells Kendra that he is bored and he thought that they could have a talk about books or something like that.
	Kendra stays with Jason and they have a conversation about the book "The even less shades of pink". Kendra gets tired.
	She wants to drink some coffee and asks Jason if he also wants some coffee. He agrees and Kendra returns with 2 cups of coffee.
	Jason and Kendra sit on the hospital bed. Jason tells Kendra that he is so glad that she is working at the hospital and without her it would be boring.
	Now click on "Ask for sugar". Kendra leaves the room to get some sugar. Now Jason adds a sleeping pill to Kendra's coffee. Then Kendra returns without the sugar.
	Kendra drinks some more coffee and falls asleep. Jason lays her on the hospital bed and says how cute she is while sleeping.
	Jason takes Kendra's ID badge and enters the hall.
 492. On the left side click on the way to the first floor. Now click on the door to the archives (room 102) and on "Go in". The door is still locked.
	Return to the second floor (behind Jason). Now click on the storage room door down the hall on the right side (room 201) and on "Get in".
	Click on one of the bottles with the pink cap. Jason gets one bottle with 20 lactation pills in it. Then click on "Go back to the corridor".
 493. Click on Jason's hospital room door on the left side (room 204). Now click on "Return the ID badge" to give the ID badge back to Kendra. Jason goes back to sleep.
	The next morning Kendra awakes and rushes to work.
 494. Catch Janice drinking coffee in the dining room (except on weekend mornings) and click on "Come closer". After some talking, click on "Compliment her".
	Jason tells Janice how beautiful she looks today. Janice is distracted. Now click on "add the Lactation plus pill" and Jason adds a lactation pill to Janice's coffee.
	(One lactation pill lasts 7 days. Only within these 7 days the scenes connected with lactation are accessible.)
 495. Wake up at night and go to the bathroom at 0:00, 3:00 or 4:00. Jason hears some noises coming from the bathroom and wonders who is in there.
	As Jason enters the bathroom, he sees that Janice is squeezing milk out of her breast into the sink. Jason asks her what she is doing.
	She tells him that it is just some woman's issues and nothing serious. Janice goes back to sleep.
 496. Make sure you have done the steps 135, 173 and 174. Catch Janice exercising alone in the living room. Click on "Keep watching" and "Hide and watch".
	Now click on "Use hypno command" and "Become a cow".
 497. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. Now Janice visits Jason in his room. Click on "Sure" and "Give her Cow suit".
	Jason squeezes and sucks milk out of Janice's breasts and fucks her pussy. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Keep fucking": Jason sucks more milk out of Janice's breasts and fucks her pussy. You have 2 options:
		a) "Fist her pussy": Make sure you have done the complete anal training with Janice at night (step 204 b b).
		   Jason shoves his hand in Janice's pussy while she squeezes milk out of her breasts until she cums.
		   Jason fucks Janice's pussy and sucks more milk out of her breasts until he cums in her pussy.
		b) "Cum": Jason cums in Janice's pussy.
	b) "Switch to anal": Jason fucks Janice's ass. Now choose between "Be gentle" and "Be rough".
	   When you choose to be gentle, Janice's gentle/rough score increases by 1. Jason fucks Janice's ass and sucks more milk out of her breasts.
	   When you choose to be rough, Janice's gentle/rough score decreases by 1. Jason fucks and spanks Janice's ass and squeezes milk out of her breasts.
		 You have 2 options:
		a) "Fist her ass": Make sure you have done the complete anal training with Janice at night (step 204 b b).
		   Jason shoves his hand in Janice's ass while she squeezes milk out of her breasts until she cums.
		   Jason fucks Janice's ass and sucks more milk out of her breasts until he cums in her ass.
		b) "Cum": Jason cums in Janice's ass.
 498. Make sure Janice is lactating (step 494). Wake up at night and go to the bathroom at 0:00, 3:00 or 4:00.
	Jason hears some noises coming from the bathroom and wonders who is in there.
	As Jason enters the bathroom, he sees that Janice is squeezing milk out of her breast into the sink.
	She tells Jason that her breasts started to produce milk like crazy. Jason gladly wants to help by sucking her breasts dry and tells Janice how much he loves her milk.
	Jason sucks Janice's milk out of her breast and the scene ends.
 499. Go to sleep in Janice's bed. Click on "Wake her up" and "Ask for milk" to suck milk out of her breast.
 500. Go to the beach and wait for the red hoodie guy. Click on "Approach him" or "Approach the hoodie guy". Jason taunts him and the red hoodie guy punches Jason.
	Janice comes by and calls for help. The red hoodie guy elopes.
 501. In the hospital room, Kendra says that Jason seems to be fine. Click on "Go home". Jason gets some rest in Janice's bed.
	Jason wants Janice to stay with him and to take off her dress. Janice refuses to do anything naughty with Jason. She takes off her dress and sleeps with him.
 502. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Daily clothes".
	From now on you can also choose "Panties only" (within "Lingerie").
 503. (Billy): Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. Get the scene where Rachel opens the door and calls Billy. Click on "invite him to the beach".
 504. (Billy): Billy and Jason meet Janice on the remote part of the beach. Billy touches Janice's tits and sucks on one of them. Click on "Ask to show her pussy to Billy".
	Make sure Janice's score is 500 or higher. Jason convinces Janice to show her pussy to Billy. Billy licks Janice's pussy and Janice gives Jason a blowjob.
	Janice continues to give Jason a blowjob while Billy licks her ass. Then she gives Jason a handjob and squirts over Billy.
	Now Janice gives Billy a handjob and kisses him while Jason fucks her pussy. Finally, Jason cums in Janice's pussy and Billy cums on Janice's pussy.


0.29  Janice:500  Julia:400  Kelly:330  Emma:450  Rebecca:300  Adrianna:255  Rachel:450  Danielle:240  Kira:250  Kendra:80
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 505. Make sure you have done the steps 107 and 108. Also make sure Julia's condom catsuits are unlocked (steps 283 to 291). Go to sleep in Jason's bed.
	When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure" and "Give her Dog outfit with mask". Janice gives Jason a blowjob in the living room.
	Jason cums in Janice's mouth. The scene continues the next morning. Janice gives Jason a blowjob under the table in the dining room.
	Julia comes by and tells Jason that she will take a bath. At the end of the scene Julia notices Janice under the table.
 506. Go to Jason's room. Julia comes in and talks to Jason about Janice's dog costume. She asks Jason if he can get her one too.
	Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store and buy the "Dog outfit - Pink".
 507. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Give her Dog costume". Julia's score increases by 10.
	Jason wants to see Julia wearing it. After some petplaying, Jason fucks Julia's pussy and cums in her.
 508. To repeat the petplaying scene (step 507), go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Now click on "Ask her to petplay".
 509. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about outfits" and "Daily outfits". Let Julia wear any condom catsuit.
	Choose the color for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone of the condom catsuit. Then click on "Done".
	Finally, click on "Ask her to wear it all the time". That way, Julia's outfit score increases up to 100.
 510. When Julia's outfit score is 80 or higher, go to Jason's room. (To check Julia's outfit score, go to the hallway by day. Hold C while pressing H.)
	Jason gets a message about new small sized latex suits. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser".
	Click on the "Fetish Outfits" store and buy the "Latex suit Shameless" (Size S) and the "Latex suit Bare Butt" (Size S).
 511. Let Julia still wear any condom catsuit until her outfit score is 100. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone.
	Click on "Talk about outfits" and "Daily outfits". Give Julia the "Latex suit Shameless" and the "Latex suit Bare butt".
	Julia's score increases by 10 each time you give her one of the two latex outfits.
	Choose the color for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone of the latex suit. Then click on "Done".
	Finally, click on "Ask her to wear it all the time". That way, Julia's outfit score increases up to 120.
 512. Make sure you have finished all the photoshoots with Julia (up to step 153). After school go inside the school.
	Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Ask her to be Julia's partner". Jason asks Kira to be the partner for a photoshoot with Julia.
	Kira agrees to do the photoshoot if Jason gives her some money. Click on "Pay $100".
 513. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Tell her about the photoshoot partner".
	Jason tells Julia that he found her a partner for the photoshoot and that she is his classmate and a really good-looking girl.
 514. The next day go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the photoshoot with Kira and Julia".
	Jason asks Adrianna when the photoshoot is going to happen. She tells him that there is a photoshoot at 20:00.
 515. Wait until 20:00 and click on the door to enter the studio. Jason watches the lingerie photoshoot. During the photoshoot Julia touches Kira's ass cheek.
	After the photoshoot, Adrianna tells Kira that she did very well. Kira's score increases by 10.
	She also tells Kira that she and Julia turned out to be fantastic together and that she is pretty sure she will have more job offers for her.
 516. At least 5 days later go to Jason's room. Julia comes in and talks to Jason if he could ask Kira to join her for another photoshoot.
 517. Make sure Kira's score is 150 or higher. Go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Ask her to be Julia's partner".
	Kira agrees to do the photoshoot with Julia.
 518. Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Tell her that Kira agreed".
 519. The next day go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the photoshoot with Kira and Julia".
	Jason asks Adrianna when the photoshoot is going to happen. She tells him that there is a photoshoot at 20:00.
 520. Wait until 20:00 and click on the door to enter the studio. Jason watches the lingerie photoshoot. Adrianna asks Julia to kiss Kira. Then Julia kisses Kira.
	Kira is surprised about the kiss. She thought that this is just a lingerie photoshoot. Adrianna tells Kira that the client wanted a more erotic atmosphere this time.
	Kira tells Adrianna that this is a problem for her and she does not want to be a pornstar. Adrianna says that it is just an erotic photoshoot.
	Adrianna tells Kira that she could cancel the photoshoot now and has to pay $1000 for the expenses or she can finish the photoshoot as planned to earn money.
	Since Kira needs the money she agrees to continue with the photoshoot. Kira and Julia kiss each other and the photoshoot ends.
	After the photoshoot, Kira says that it was completely opposite to what she was expecting. Kira's score increases by 10.
 521. Skip at least 7 days. Now Jason can talk to Adrianna, Julia or Kira about the next photoshoot.
	No matter which girl Jason talks to, she tells him that the photoshoot is today at 20:00. Choose between one of the girls:
	a) Adrianna: Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the photoshoot with Kira and Julia".
	b) Julia: Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Ask about the next photoshoot".
	c) Kira: After school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Ask about the next photoshoot".
 522. Go to the studio at 20:00 and click on the door to enter the studio. Jason watches the lingerie photoshoot. Adrianna asks Kira and Julia to take off their underwear.
	Kira does not want to get naked in front of the camera. Julia tells her that the photos are for the foreign market and does not have to worry that someone finds out.
	Kira agrees to continue with the photoshoot. Kira and Julia take off their underwear. Julia gets more lustful in the further course of the photoshoot.
	Kira's pussy gets dripping wet and Julia licks Kira's pussy. Then Julia gets on top of Kira and Kira licks Julia's pussy.
	At the end of the photoshoot Kira and Julia lick each other's pussies. Then Kira tells Julia that it was a mistake and she feels like a dirty slut now.
	Julia says that there is nothing wrong to have fun. Kira is worried that lots of people will see the photos.
	Jason reassures Kira and tells her that Julia is doing this for a long time and no one knows she is a model. Kira is not convinced and wants to go home.
 523. At least 7 days later go to Jason's room. Julia comes in and asks Jason to talk to Kira. She tells him that Kira does not want to do more photoshoots.
	She asks Jason to convince Kira to continue with the photoshoots because the client is very important and they cannot just cancel.
	Jason tells Julia that he will try to talk to Kira.
 524. After school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Talk about the photoshoot".
	Kira tells Jason that she is a cheerleader and not a pornstar. She disagrees to be a part of a light erotic or porn photoshoot.
	Jason wants Kira to know that this time there will be much more money for her to earn. She refuses because she has enough money at the moment.
 525. Go to the locker room and wait until Jason hears that someone is taking a shower. Click on the door to the shower room. Jason looks at Kira taking a shower.
	Click on her cheerleader costume on the right side to take it. Finally, Kira steps out of the shower and wonders where her cheerleader costume is.
 526. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. She tells Jason that someone stole her cheerleader costume.
	She says that a new outfit is very expensive and she has already spent all the money she made. Jason tells her that the offer for the photoshoot still stands.
	Kira is hesitant, but ultimately agrees to do the photoshoot because she needs the money for a new cheerleader costume.
 527. Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Tell her about Kira".
	Jason tells Julia that he convinced Kira and she agreed for another photoshoot.
 528. The photoshoot starts automatically. After Kira and Julia licked each other's pussies, Adrianna gives them 2 red dildos.
	Kira sticks the big dildo in Julia's pussy and fucks her with it. Now Julia says that it is Kira's turn.
	She sticks one end of the double dildo in Kira's pussy and the other end in her pussy. They fuck each other with the double dildo.
	After the photoshoot, Kira tells Julia that she starts to like this job. Kira's score increases by 10.
 529. Skip at least 7 days. Now Jason can talk to Adrianna or Julia about the next photoshoot.
	No matter which girl Jason talks to, she tells him that the photoshoot is today at 20:00. Choose between one of the girls:
	a) Adrianna: Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the photoshoot with Kira and Julia".
	   She tells Jason that the client wants a male actor in today's photoshoot. Jason eagerly agrees to join this photoshoot.
	b) Julia: Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Ask about the next photoshoot".
 530. Go to the studio at 20:00 and click on the door to enter the studio. The photoshoot starts and a few moments later Jason appears naked to join the naughty photoshoot.
	Kira is surprised and Adrianna says that it was the client's request to add a guy to the photoshoot. Now the naughty photoshoot starts.
	Choose to stick Jason's cock in Julia's or Kira's pussy. During this you have 3 options:
	a) "Switch to Julia": Jason fucks Julia's pussy and ass. Kira sticks one end of the double dildo in her pussy and then the other end in Julia's pussy.
	b) "Switch to Kira": Jason fucks Kira's pussy. Kira licks Julia's pussy and then she sticks the dildo in Julia's pussy.
	c) "Cum": Jason cums on Julia's and Kira's faces. Kira's score increases by 10.
 531. Skip at least 7 days. Now Jason can talk to Adrianna or Julia about the next photoshoot.
	No matter which girl Jason talks to, she tells him that the photoshoot is today at 20:00. Choose between one of the girls:
	a) Adrianna: Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the photoshoot with Kira and Julia".
	   She tells Jason that the client wants a male actor in today's photoshoot. Jason eagerly agrees to join this photoshoot.
	b) Julia: Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Ask about the next photoshoot".
 532. Go to the studio at 20:00 and click on the door to enter the studio. The photoshoot starts and a few moments later Jason appears naked to join the naughty photoshoot.
	The naughty photoshoot continues. Choose to stick Jason's cock in Julia's or Kira's pussy. During this you have 4 options:
	a) "Change pose": This option is only available when Jason fucks Julia and you have finished all the roleplay events with Adrianna (up to step 335).
	   Jason fucks Julia's ass and Kira licks Julia's pussy. Julia fucks Kira's pussy with one end of the double dildo. Then Adrianna says that the photoshoot is over.
	   Julia wants to make some more shots. Jason asks Adrianna to join them. Adrianna tells him that this is against the rules and she could get fired for this.
	   Jason tells Adrianna that this is their little secret. Then they have a steamy foursome. Jason fucks Adrianna's ass and Kira sticks the dildo is Julia's ass.
	   At the end of the scene Jason fucks Kira's pussy while Julia still has the dildo in her ass. Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Cum inside": Jason cums in Kira's pussy. Adrianna does not want to let the cum drip out of Kira's pussy because she worries about her expensive couch.
		   Jason sticks the dildo in Kira's pussy to let his cum stay inside her.
		b) "Cum outside": Jason cums on Adrianna's, Julia's and Kira's faces.
	   Adrianna's and Kira's scores increase by 10 (Adrianna: up to 255, Kira: up to 250).
	b) "Switch to Julia": Jason fucks Julia's pussy and ass. Kira sticks one end of the double dildo in her pussy and then the other end in Julia's pussy.
	c) "Switch to Kira": Jason fucks Kira's pussy. Kira licks Julia's pussy and then she sticks the dildo in Julia's pussy.
	d) "Cum": Jason cums on Julia's and Kira's faces. Kira's score increases by 10 (up to 250).


0.30  Janice:500  Julia:400  Kelly:330  Emma:450  Rebecca:350  Adrianna:255  Rachel:450  Danielle:240  Kira:280  Kendra:80
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 533. Make sure you have done the previous events with Rebecca (up to step 263). Go to Rebecca's home between 17:00 and 19:00 and click on the front door.
	Rebecca asks Jason to come in. They sit down by the pool. Rebecca tells Jason that she thinks her husband is cheating on her.
	Rebecca does not know with whom her husband is cheating on her. Jason tells Rebecca that he will find it out.
 534. The next time Jason returns home before 20:00 he will meet an unknown dark-haired woman with tits as big as Danielle's but a much bigger ass.
	Click on the map and on Jason's home. When Jason is standing in front of his home, wait until Jason meets Emma jogging.
	The unknown dark-haired woman comes by and greets Emma. It turns out that her name is Michelle. They disregard each other.
	(The meeting between Emma and Michelle could also happen automatically when Emma comes by jogging directly after Jason meets Michelle for the first time.)
 535. The next day go to the school at 17:00. Click on "Check the car". Jason says that he could try to search for clues in the car, but there are too many people around.
 536. Go to Rebecca's home between 20:00 and 22:00. Make sure the car of Rebecca's husband is in the driveway. Click on the front door and Jason sneaks to the car.
	The car is locked, so Jason needs to find another way to get into the car.
 537. Go to the school at 18:00 or later and approach the shady guy. He offers Jason the next job. Click on "Decline" and "Ask how to break in a car".
	The shady guy offers Jason a GPS tracker module, so he can check the car's location on his phone. He asks Jason to get him some experimental stuff from the hospital.
 538. Make sure you have sleeping pills. The next day go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra.
	Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Complain about the pain". Kendra tells Jason to follow her to do some tests.
	After all the tests are done, she says that tomorrow morning the results are available.
 539. At night click on "Call Kendra". Jason tells Kendra that he is bored and he thought that they could have a talk about books or something like that.
	Kendra stays with Jason and they have a conversation about the book "The even less shades of pink". Kendra gets tired.
	She wants to drink some coffee and asks Jason if he also wants some coffee. He agrees and Kendra returns with 2 cups of coffee.
	Jason and Kendra sit on the hospital bed. Jason tells Kendra that he is so glad that she is working at the hospital and without her it would be boring.
	Now click on "Ask for sugar". Kendra leaves the room to get some sugar. Now Jason adds a sleeping pill to Kendra's coffee. Then Kendra returns without the sugar.
	Kendra drinks some more coffee and falls asleep. Jason lays her on the hospital bed and says how cute she is while sleeping. Jason takes Kendra's ID badge.
 540. Click on the storage room door down the hall on the right side (room 201) and on "Get in". Click on one of the bottles with the red cap.
	Jason gets one bottle of the experimental medicine. Then click on "Go back to the corridor".
 541. Click on Jason's hospital room door on the left side (room 204). Now click on "Return the ID badge" to give the ID badge back to Kendra. Jason goes back to sleep.
	The next morning Kendra awakes and rushes to work.
 542. Go to the school at 18:00 or later and approach the shady guy. Click on "Give him the experimental medicine". He gives Jason the GPS tracker.
 543. Go to Rebecca's home between 20:00 and 22:00. Make sure the car of Rebecca's husband is in the driveway. Click on the front door and Jason sneaks to the car.
	Jason sticks the GPS tracker under the car.
 544. The next day go to Jason's room at 18:00 and click on "Check the car's location". A new house is now unlocked on the map.
 545. Go to the beach at 17:00 or 18:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Kira or Michelle sunbathing. Michelle could lie on her back or on her belly.
 546. Go to the new house (bottom right on the map, "Unknown house") at 22:00. Jason takes some pictures of Michelle.
 547. The next day go to Rebecca's home between 17:00 and 19:00 and click on the front door. Rebecca asks Jason to come in. They sit down by the pool.
	Jason shows Rebecca the pictures. Rebecca's score increases by 10.
 548. The next day go to Rebecca's home between 17:00 and 19:00 and click on the front door. Rebecca asks Jason to join her at the pool.
	Rebecca tells Jason that she kicked her husband out and wants Jason to lick her pussy. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Vaginal": Jason fucks Rebecca's pussy outside and inside the pool in different positions.
	   After Jason came in Rebecca's pussy, his cum is dripping out of her pussy. Rebecca says that she cleaned the floor a couple of hours ago.
	   Jason takes the empty cocktail glass and let his cum drip out of Rebecca's pussy inside the glass. He gives Rebecca the glass and she drinks Jason's cum out of it.
	b) "Anal": Jason licks Rebecca's ass. Then he fucks Rebecca's ass outside and inside the pool in different positions.
	   After Jason came in Rebecca's ass, his cum is dripping out of her ass. Rebecca says that she cleaned the floor a couple of hours ago.
	   Jason takes the empty cocktail glass and let his cum drip out of Rebecca's ass inside the glass. Jason gives Rebecca the glass and she drinks Jason's cum out of it.
	Then Rebecca asks Jason if he knows who that old hag is. Jason tells her that he could try to sniff around.
 549. The next day go to the new house (bottom right on the map, "Unknown house") at 16:00. Kira and Michelle have an argument. Kira goes away from the house and sees Jason.
	He asks her what she is doing here. She tells him that she lives here and the woman she was talking to was Michelle, her mom.
 550. Go to Rebecca's home between 17:00 and 19:00 and click on the front door. Rebecca asks Jason to join her at the pool.
	Rebecca tells Jason that she kicked her husband out and wants Jason to lick her pussy. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Vaginal": Jason fucks Rebecca's pussy outside and inside the pool in different positions.
	   After Jason came in Rebecca's pussy, his cum is dripping out of her pussy. Rebecca says that she cleaned the floor a couple of hours ago.
	   Jason takes the empty cocktail glass and let his cum drip out of Rebecca's pussy inside the glass. He gives Rebecca the glass and she drinks Jason's cum out of it.
	b) "Anal": Jason licks Rebecca's ass. Then he fucks Rebecca's ass outside and inside the pool in different positions.
	   After Jason came in Rebecca's ass, his cum is dripping out of her ass. Rebecca says that she cleaned the floor a couple of hours ago.
	   Jason takes the empty cocktail glass and let his cum drip out of Rebecca's ass inside the glass. He gives Rebecca the glass and she drinks Jason's cum out of it.
	Then Rebecca asks Jason again if he knows who that old hag is. Jason tells her that it is Michelle, Kira's mother. Rebecca's score increases by 10.
 551. Make sure you have fucked Kira in the shower (step 442). The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her.
	Click on "Talk about the debt". Jason caresses Kira in the locker room. Now there can be 2 scenes (50 % by chance):
	a) Kira and Jason enter the shower. Kira strokes Jason's cock and Jason rubs her tit and pussy. Then Kira gives Jason a blowjob.
	   After the blowjob, Jason licks and fucks Kira's pussy. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum on her face".
	b) Rebecca interrupts them. Jason asks Rebecca to join them. Rebecca and Kira give Jason a blowjob. Rebecca forces Kira to lick her pussy and Jason fucks Kira's pussy.
	   Rebecca almost suffocates Kira on her pussy. Jason fucks Rebecca's pussy and Kira gets a dildo out of her locker.
	   She sticks the dildo in Rebecca's ass and Jason continues to fuck Rebecca's pussy. Now you have different options:
		a) "Keep fucking": Jason fucks Rebecca's pussy and Kira fucks her pussy with the dildo.
		b) "Switch to Anal": Jason fucks Rebecca's ass and Kira fucks her pussy with the dildo. Kira licks Rebecca's pussy while she has the dildo inside her pussy.
		   Now Kira fucks Rebecca's pussy with the dildo and Rebecca licks Kira's pussy. Then Kira fucks her pussy with the dildo while kissing Rebecca.
		c) "Switch back to Kira": Jason fucks Kira's pussy. Kira and Jason fuck Rebecca's ass with the dildo.
		   Rebecca kisses Kira while she has the dildo inside her ass.
		d) "Cum inside": Jason cums in Rebecca's or Kira's pussy.
		e) "Cum outside": Jason cums on Rebecca's and Kira's faces.
	   Rebecca's and Kira's scores increase by 10 (Rebecca: up to 350, Kira: up to 280).
 552. (Billy): Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. Get the scene where Rachel opens the door and calls Billy. Click on "invite him to the beach".
 553. (Billy): Billy and Jason meet Janice on the remote part of the beach. Billy touches Janice's tits and sucks on one of them. Click on "Ask to show her pussy to Billy".
	Make sure Janice's score is 500 or higher. Jason convinces Janice to show her pussy to Billy. Billy licks Janice's pussy and Janice gives Jason a blowjob.
	Janice continues to give Jason a blowjob while Billy licks her ass. Then Billy asks Janice to put his cock inside her pussy. Click on "Agree".
	Jason asks Janice to let Billy fuck her. Janice refuses and tells Jason that she is not his toy that he can share with his friends.
	Janice gives Jason a handjob and squirts over Billy. Then she gives Billy a handjob and kisses him while Jason fucks her pussy.
	Finally, Jason cums in Janice's pussy and Billy cums on Janice's pussy.
 554. (Billy): The next day after school Billy approaches Jason and talks about the other day at the beach.
	He tells Jason that it would have been awesome if Janice had let him fuck her. Jason says that Janice's pussy is amazing.
	Billy tells Jason that he wants to feel Janice's pussy and that he would do anything for it. He wants Jason to ask Janice nicely and convince her.
	Jason tells Billy that he will talk to Janice.
 555. (Billy): Go home and to the living room. Catch Janice there reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Talk about Billy".
	Jason asks her why she rejected Billy the other day at the beach. She tells him that fooling around a bit is one thing, but to let him fuck her is a different story.
	Janice refuses to fuck all of Jason's friends and wants Jason to stop talking about Billy.
 556. (Billy): Make sure you have the sleep mask (step 63) and suncream. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. Get the scene where Rachel opens the door and calls Billy.
	Click on "invite him to the beach to trick Janice". Jason tells Billy that he has a plan.
 557. (Billy): Jason meets Janice on the remote part of the beach. Click on "Offer protection from the sun".
	Jason tells Janice that he is always happy to apply suncream on her. He wants Janice to wear the sleep mask to completely block the sun.
	Now Jason applies the suncream on Janice and asks her to spread her legs. Billy approaches and fucks Janice's pussy while Jason masturbates.
	Jason cannot resist any longer and sticks his cock in Janice's ass. Janice is startled.
	She takes off the sleep mask and realizes that Billy fucks her pussy and Jason fucks her ass. Janice admits to like having 2 cocks inside her.
	They have a steamy threesome. Finally, Billy cums in Janice's pussy and Jason cums in Janice's ass.
 558. (Billy): Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. Get the scene where Rachel opens the door and calls Billy. Click on "invite him to the beach".
 559. (Billy): Billy and Jason meet Janice on the remote part of the beach. Billy touches Janice's tits and sucks on one of them. Click on "Ask to show her pussy to Billy".
	Make sure Janice's score is 500 or higher. Jason convinces Janice to show her pussy to Billy. Billy licks Janice's pussy and Janice gives Jason a blowjob.
	Janice continues to give Jason a blowjob while Billy licks her ass. Then Billy asks Janice to put his cock inside her pussy. Click on "Agree".
	Jason asks Janice to let Billy fuck her. Janice agrees and tells Jason that Billy was pretty good the last time. Billy fucks Janice's pussy while Jason masturbates.
	Jason cannot resist any longer and sticks his cock in Janice's ass. They have a steamy threesome. Finally, Billy cums in Janice's pussy and Jason cums in Janice's ass.


0.31  Janice:500  Julia:400  Kelly:330  Emma:460  Rebecca:350  Adrianna:255  Rachel:450  Danielle:240  Kira:280  Kendra:80
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 560. Go to Emma's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Ask about Michelle". Emma refuses to talk about Michelle. Now click on "Leave".
 561. Click on Jason's home. Jason meets Emma jogging. He asks her about her workout. She says that her body is sore from all the workout.
	Jason tells Emma that he could help her with this.
 562. Go to Jason's room. Click on "Text to Adrianna" and "Share your new idea". Jason suggests a new roleplay and tells Adrianna that they could massage Emma.
	Adrianna tells Jason that she always wanted to play this out and that she took some massage online courses a long time ago. She gives Jason the website address.
 563. Go to Emma's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Talk about the massage". Jason tells Emma that he is learning the skills of a masseur.
	She agrees that Jason can practice with her.
 564. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Take online masseur class". The lesson costs $200. Click on "Pay".
 565. Click on Jason's screen and on "Search for the massage table". Then click on "Buy Now" to buy the massage table for $350.
 566. Click on "Back", "Text to Adrianna" and "Massage training". Adrianna suggests to go to Emma's house at 18:00.
 567. Go to Emma's house at 18:00. As the massage session starts, Jason massages Emma's legs and Adrianna touches Jason's cock. Then Jason massages Emma's back.
	Adrianna gets undressed and touches her pussy. As Emma looks up, Adrianna quickly gets dressed. Emma asks for another massage session.
	Adrianna and Jason agree to help Emma out.
 568. The next day go to Jason's room and text Adrianna. Click on "Massage training". Adrianna suggests to go to Emma's house at 18:00.
 569. Go to Emma's house at 18:00. As the massage session starts, Jason massages Emma's legs and Adrianna touches Jason's cock. Then Jason massages Emma's back.
	Adrianna gets undressed and massages Emma's legs and feet. Emma takes Jason's cock out of his pants and gives him a blowjob.
	Adrianna watches this and Jason cums in Emma's mouth. Adrianna quickly gets dressed. Emma asks for another massage session. Adrianna and Jason agree to help Emma out.
 570. The next day go to Jason's room and text Adrianna. Click on "Massage training". Adrianna suggests to go to Emma's house at 18:00.
 571. Go to Emma's house at 18:00. As the massage session starts, Jason massages Emma's legs and Adrianna touches Jason's cock. Then Jason massages Emma's back.
	Adrianna gets undressed and massages Emma's legs and feet. Emma takes Jason's cock out of his pants and gives him a blowjob.
	Adrianna watches this and removes the towel from Emma's body to massage her thighs. Then Adrianna licks Emma's pussy.
	Finally, Adrianna and Emma rub their pussies on each other and Jason cums in Emma's mouth. Emma tells them they should come more often.
 572. The next day go to Jason's room and text Adrianna. Click on "Massage training". Adrianna suggests to go to Emma's house at 18:00.
 573. Go to Emma's house at 18:00. As the massage session starts, Emma appears naked. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "On the back": Emma lays down on her back. Jason and Adrianna get undressed and start to massage Emma. Jason massages Emma's tits and hips.
	   Adrianna massages Emma's legs. Emma gives Jason a blowjob while he fingers her pussy. Then Jason fucks Emma's pussy while she licks Adrianna's pussy.
	   Adrianna, Emma and Jason have a steamy threesome. Jason cums in Emma's pussy and she passes out. Adrianna leaves the room to take a shower.
	   Jason touches Emma's ass. Emma wakes up and tells Jason that he has become a really good masseur. Emma's score increases by 10.
	   She asks Jason if he could help her with her workout. Jason guesses that he could help her. He is curious and asks Emma what is going on between her and Michelle.
	   Emma refuses to talk about Michelle. Adrianna returns from the shower and leaves with Jason.
	b) "On the belly": Emma lays down on her belly. Jason and Adrianna get undressed and start to massage Emma. Jason massages Emma's back. Adrianna massages Emma's legs.
	   Emma gives Jason a blowjob while Adrianna massages Emma's thighs and ass. Then Adrianna fingers Emma's ass.
	   Jason says that could do a better job on that part of the body. He fucks Emma's ass while she licks Adrianna's pussy.
	   Adrianna, Emma and Jason have a steamy threesome. Jason cums in Emma's ass and she passes out.
	   Adrianna drinks the cum out of Emma's ass and leaves the room to take a shower. Jason touches Emma's ass.
	   Emma wakes up and tells Jason that he has become a really good masseur. Emma's score increases by 10. She asks Jason if he could help her with her workout.
	   Jason guesses that he could help her. He is curious and asks Emma what is going on between her and Michelle. Emma refuses to talk about Michelle.
	   Adrianna returns from the shower and leaves with Jason.
	(When you repeat this step before you go on with the next step, click on "Go for round #2" after Emma wakes up. Jason asks her if she maybe wants to go for round two.
	Now choose to stick Jason's cock in Emma's pussy or ass. Jason fucks Emma and asks her what is going on between her and Michelle.
	Emma tells Jason that Michelle is the friend she wanted to ask about his parents. Emma found out that Michelle had an affair with her husband.
	He got shot on his way to Michelle. Then Jason cums in Emma and she passes out. Adrianna returns from the shower and leaves with Jason.
	At the end of step 576 Jason will not ask Emma about Michelle again.)
 574. Sneak to Emma's backyard while she is exercising. Click on "Agree to help" and "Rub her butt". After some exercising, click on "Offer her THE OTHER method".
	Emma and Jason get naked. Jason sticks his cock in Emma's pussy and they continue with the workout. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Pussy workout": Jason sticks his cock in Emma's pussy and they continue with the workout in different positions. Jason cums in Emma's pussy.
	   Emma lays on her back and passes out. Finally, Jason masturbates and cums all over Emma's body.
	b) "Anal workout": Jason sticks his cock in Emma's ass and they continue with the workout in different positions. Jason cums in Emma's ass.
	   Emma lays on her belly and passes out. Finally, Jason masturbates and cums all over Emma's body.
 575. The next day go to Jason's room and text Adrianna. Click on "Massage training". Adrianna suggests to go to Emma's house at 18:00.
 576. Go to Emma's house at 18:00. As the massage session starts, Emma appears naked. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "On the back": Emma lays down on her back. Jason and Adrianna get undressed and start to massage Emma. Jason massages Emma's tits and hips.
	   Adrianna massages Emma's legs. Emma gives Jason a blowjob while he fingers her pussy. Then Jason fucks Emma's pussy while she licks Adrianna's pussy.
	   Adrianna, Emma and Jason have a steamy threesome. Jason cums in Emma's pussy and she passes out. Adrianna leaves the room to take a shower.
	   Jason touches Emma's ass. Emma wakes up and Jason asks her if she maybe wants to go for round two. Now choose to stick Jason's cock in Emma's pussy or ass.
	   Jason fucks Emma and asks her what is going on between her and Michelle. Emma tells Jason that Michelle is the friend she wanted to ask about his parents.
	   Emma found out that Michelle had an affair with her husband and he got shot on his way to her. Jason cums in Emma and she passes out.
	   Adrianna returns from the shower and leaves with Jason.
	b) "On the belly": Emma lays down on her belly. Jason and Adrianna get undressed and start to massage Emma. Jason massages Emma's back. Adrianna massages Emma's legs.
	   Emma gives Jason a blowjob while Adrianna massages Emma's thighs and ass. Then Adrianna fingers Emma's ass.
	   Jason says that he could do a better job on that part of the body. He fucks Emma's ass while she licks Adrianna's pussy.
	   Adrianna, Emma and Jason have a steamy threesome. Jason cums in Emma's ass and she passes out.
	   Adrianna drinks the cum out of Emma's ass and leaves the room to take a shower. Jason touches Emma's ass.
	   Emma wakes up and Jason asks her if she maybe wants to go for round two. Now choose to stick Jason's cock in Emma's pussy or ass.
	   Jason fucks Emma and asks her what is going on between her and Michelle. Emma tells Jason that Michelle is the friend she wanted to ask about his parents.
	   Emma found out that Michelle had an affair with her husband and he got shot on his way to her. Jason cums in Emma and she passes out.
	   Adrianna returns from the shower and leaves with Jason.
	(When you have done step 573 twice, Jason already asked Emma about Michelle. He will not ask Emma about Michelle again at the end of this step.)
 577. Make sure you have done the previous events with Rachel (up to step 418). Go to Billy's home between 20:00 and 22:00.
	There is a 50 % chance to get the scene where Rachel's husband is leaving with his car. Now click on "Sneak into the house". Jason gets a phone call from Janice.
	Janice wants Jason to come home.
 578. Go home and to the bedroom at 22:00. Click on "Wait for Janice". Jason fucks Janice's ass and cums in her. Janice leaves the bedroom to take a shower.
	Now click on "Add sleeping pills". Janice returns to the bedroom and Jason offers her a glass of water. Janice drinks the water and falls asleep.
 579. Go to Billy's home and click on "Sneak into the house". Jason surprises Rachel in her bedroom. Jason fucks Rachel's pussy in different positions.
	Suddenly, Billy comes home and asks Rachel for something to eat. Rachel goes to the bedroom door and asks him to fix himself a sandwich.
	Jason cannot wait any longer and fucks Rachel at the bedroom door. They return to the bed and continue to fuck. Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside".


0.32  Janice:500  Julia:400  Kelly:400  Emma:460  Rebecca:350  Adrianna:255  Rachel:450  Danielle:400  Kira:280  Kendra:80  Michelle:15
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 580. Go to Michelle's house until 19:00 and click on "Knock on the door". She refuses to talk to Jason.
 581. Go to the school at 15:00. Kira appears with a sports bag. Click on "Be nice and offer help". Jason helps Kira to carry her sports bag to her home.
	Jason and Kira meet Michelle in front of her house. Kira introduces Jason to Michelle. Michelle's score increases by 5.
 582. The next day go to Michelle's house until 19:00 and click on "Knock on the door". Jason asks Michelle about her job at the hospital archives.
	Jason tells her that he needs an information about his real parents. Michelle tells Jason that she is not working there anymore and there is no legal way to help him.
 583. The next day go to Michelle's house at 20:00 or 21:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard".
	Jason watches Michelle in her bedroom applying lotion and rubbing her pussy.
 584. The next day go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Jason watches Michelle having sex with Rebecca's husband.
 585. The next day go to Michelle's house until 19:00 and click on "Knock on the door". Michelle opens the door and is in a good mood.
	She tells Jason that Rebecca's husband, Steve, finally divorced Rebecca and is going to marry her.
 586. Go home and to Julia's room when she is not in there. Pick up Julia's panties from the floor in front of the wardrobe.
 587. The next day go to Michelle's house between 20:00 and 22:00. Click on "Put Julia's panties into the car". Jason puts Julia's panties under the seat in Steve's car.
 588. The next day go to Michelle's house until 19:00 and click on "Knock on the door". Jason tells her that he thinks Steve is cheating on her.
	Jason says that he had seen Steve in his car with a girl about Jason's age and they seemed to be very happy together.
	Jason advises Michelle to check Steve's car from time to time. Michelle is sure she will not find anything in Steve's car.
 589. The next day go to Michelle's house until 19:00 and click on "Knock on the door". She tells Jason he was right that Steve is cheating on her.
	Michelle does not want to marry Steve anymore but cannot leave him because he pays the loan for her house. She thanks Jason for knowing the truth.
	Michelle's score increases by 10.
 590. The next day go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Jason watches Michelle and Steve having sex.
	Michelle sees Jason watching through the window.
 591. Go to Danielle's house at 21:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Danielle and Jason do the webcam show together.
	Jason gets half of the money they did on the webcam show. Danielle offers Jason to stay for the night. Jason gets a phone call from Janice.
	Click on "Tell that you won't be home tonight", but Janice wants Jason to come home.
 592. Now Jason has to gain Janice's trust. At home help Janice 4 times altogether with 2 chores to choose from:
	a) Vacuuming the living room: Go to the living room and wait for Janice vacuuming. Now click on "Offer your help" and Jason finishes vacuuming the living room.
	b) Washing the dishes in the kitchen: Go to the kitchen and wait for Janice washing the dishes. Now click on "Offer your help" and Jason finishes washing the dishes.
 593. Go to Danielle's house at 21:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Danielle and Jason do the webcam show together.
	Jason gets half of the money they did on the webcam show. Danielle offers Jason to stay for the night. Jason gets a phone call from Janice.
	Click on "Tell that you won't be home tonight". Janice agrees that Jason can stay away overnight.
 594. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Choose between "BlowJob" and "TitJob". At the end of the scene Danielle's score increases by 10.
 595. Repeat step 593.
 596. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Now click on "Fuck". Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions and cums in her.
	Danielle's score increases by 10.
 597. The next day after school Danielle talks to Jason. She tells him that someone from a big studio was watching their stream and she got an invitation for a casting.
	She asks Jason to come with her because the invitation is for both of them.
 598. Go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Have sex". Now you have 3 options:
	a) "BlowJob": Danielle gives Jason a blowjob. Now choose between "Fuck her" to continue with step 597 c or "Cum" to cum in Danielle's mouth.
	b) "TitJob": Jason plays with Danielle's tits and fucks them. Now choose between "Fuck her" to continue with step 597 c or "Cum" to cum on Danielle's face.
	c) "Fuck": Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions and cums in her.
 599. Go to the studio at 21:00 and approach Danielle. After some talking in the studio, Kelly appears and wants to start the casting. They have a steamy threesome.
	Jason fucks Danielle's pussy and Kelly spanks Danielle's ass. Kelly gets naughtier and licks Danielle's ass as Jason continues to fuck Danielle's pussy.
	Kelly leaves and returns a few moments later wearing a strapon. Kelly tries to fuck Danielle's ass. Danielle refuses to get fucked in the ass.
	She tells Kelly that her butt is too sensitive. Kelly tells Danielle if she does not do anal, she came to the wrong place. Danielle leaves the casting.
 600. Repeat step 593.
 601. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Now click on "Fuck". Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Now click on "Lick her ass".
	Jason licks Danielle's ass. Jason tries to stick a finger in Danielle's ass. She does not want Jason to continue. Danielle's score increases by 10.
 602. Go to Michelle's house at 21:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Get the scene where Michelle shoves a big dildo in her ass (60 % by chance).
 603. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Search for From Zero to Anal Hero kit". Then click on "Buy" to buy the kit for $500.
 604. Repeat step 593.
 605. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Now click on "Fuck". Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Now click on "Anal training".
	Jason licks Danielle's ass. Jason presents the training kit and shoves the small stick in Danielle's ass. Danielle's score increases by 10.
 606. Repeat step 593.
 607. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Now click on "Fuck". Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Now click on "Anal training".
	Jason licks Danielle's ass. Now click on "Thin" to shove the thin dildo in Danielle's ass. Danielle's score increases by 10.
 608. Repeat step 593.
 609. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Now click on "Fuck". Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Now click on "Anal training".
	Jason licks Danielle's ass. Now click on "Medium" to shove the medium dildo in Danielle's ass. Danielle's score increases by 10.
 610. Repeat step 593.
 611. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Now click on "Fuck". Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Now click on "Anal training".
	Jason licks Danielle's ass. Now click on "Real dick" and Jason sticks his cock in Danielle's ass. Jason fucks Danielle's ass in different positions and cums in her.
	Danielle's score increases by 10. After they fall asleep, Jason has a naughty "easter bunnies" dream. Danielle and Janice are easter bunnies and Jason fucks them.
 612. Repeat step 593.
 613. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Now click on "Fuck". Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Now click on "Anal training".
	Jason licks Danielle's ass. Now click on "Big" to shove the big dildo in Danielle's ass. Jason asks Danielle to apply for the casting one more time.
	She agrees and thanks Jason. Danielle's score increases by 10.
 614. From now on you have 2 possibilities to repeat the naughty "easter bunnies" dream (at the end of step 611):
	a) Go to sleep. Click on "Dreams" and "The Easter dream". Jason has a naughty "easter bunnies" dream. Danielle and Janice are easter bunnies and Jason fucks them.
	b) Repeat the steps 593 and 611. After Jason cums in Danielle's ass, click on "Stay inside". Jason leaves his cock inside Danielle's ass and then they fall asleep.
	   Jason has a naughty "easter bunnies" dream. Danielle and Janice are easter bunnies and Jason fucks them.
	   When you click on "Pull out", Jason pulls his cock out of Danielle's ass and then they fall asleep without Jason having the "easter bunnies" dream.
 615. The next day after school Danielle talks to Jason. She tells him that the studio agreed to repeat the casting.
 616. Go to the studio at 21:00 and approach Danielle. After some talking in the studio, Kelly appears and wants to start with the casting. They have a steamy threesome.
	Jason fucks Danielle's pussy and Kelly spanks Danielle's ass. Kelly gets naughtier and licks Danielle's ass as Jason continues to fuck Danielle's pussy.
	Kelly leaves and returns a few moments later wearing a strapon. Kelly fucks Danielle's ass in different positions. Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy.
	Then Kelly fucks Danielle's pussy with the strapon. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Fuck Danielle": Jason fucks Danielle's ass and Kelly fucks Danielle's pussy with the strapon. They change the positions.
	   Now Danielle sucks on Kelly's rubber cock while Jason fucks Danielle's ass. Kelly fucks Danielle's pussy with the strapon. Jason continues to fuck Danielle's ass.
	   Then Jason cums in Danielle's ass. Kelly tells Danielle that she was amazing. Jason tells Danielle that he would not mind to repeat this casting. Danielle agrees.
	   Danielle's and Kelly's scores increase by 10 (up to 400).
	b) "Fuck Kelly": Jason fucks Kelly's pussy and Kelly fucks Danielle's pussy with the strapon in different positions.
	   Then Kelly fucks Danielle's ass with the strapon and Jason fucks Kelly's ass. Jason cums in Kelly's ass. Kelly tells Danielle that she was amazing.
	   Jason tells Danielle that he would not mind to repeat this casting. Danielle agrees. Danielle's and Kelly's scores increase by 10 (up to 400).
 617. Go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. When you click on "Repeat the casting", you can repeat step 616.
	When you click on "Have sex", you have 3 options:
	a) "BlowJob": Danielle gives Jason a blowjob. Now choose between "Fuck her" to continue with step 617 c or "Cum" to cum in Danielle's mouth.
	b) "TitJob": Jason plays with Danielle's tits and fucks them. Now choose between "Fuck her" to continue with step 617 c or "Cum" to cum on Danielle's face.
	c) "Fuck": Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Now choose between "Fuck her ass" and "Cum".
 618. Go to the pharmacy shop at 14:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Chat with Kelly and accept the offer to drink coffee.
	Kelly goes to the restroom. After Kelly returns, click on "Ask about anal". Kelly asks Jason to pay her for the lesson. Click on "Pay $50" and "How it feels".
 619. Go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Repeat the casting".
 620. Go to the studio at 21:00 and approach Danielle. After some talking in the studio, Kelly appears and wants to start with the casting. They have a steamy threesome.
	Jason fucks Danielle's pussy and Kelly spanks Danielle's ass. Kelly gets naughtier and licks Danielle's ass as Jason continues to fuck Danielle's pussy.
	Kelly leaves and returns a few moments later wearing a strapon. Kelly fucks Danielle's ass in different positions. Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy.
	Then Kelly fucks Danielle's pussy with the strapon. Now click on "Fuck Danielle". Jason fucks Danielle's ass and Kelly fucks Danielle's pussy with the strapon.
	Click on "Accept the offer" to let Kelly fuck Jason's ass with the strapon. Danielle sticks Jason's cock in her ass and fucks him. Then they change positions.
	Now Danielle sucks on Kelly's rubber cock while Jason fucks Danielle's ass. Kelly fucks Danielle's pussy with the strapon and Jason continues to fuck Danielle's ass.
	Then Jason cums in Danielle's ass. Kelly tells Danielle that she was amazing. Jason tells Danielle that he would not mind to repeat this casting. Danielle agrees.
	Danielle's and Kelly's scores increase by 10 (up to 400).


0.33  Janice:500  Julia:400  Kelly:400  Emma:460  Rebecca:350  Adrianna:255  Rachel:480  Danielle:400  Kira:280  Kendra:150  Michelle:15
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 621. Make sure you have done the steps 577 to 579. Go to Billy's home. Jason meets Rachel and Michelle. They are talking to each other. Then Michelle goes home.
	Rachel tells Jason that Michelle told her that her fiancé wants to take Michelle out to a fancy restaurant, but Michelle tried to avoid that.
	Then Rachel tells Jason how she misses spending romantic evenings at the beach.
 622. Go home and to the bathroom, then to the room with the jacuzzi. Take the candles.
 623. Go to the dining room and pick up the "Fine Wine" from the cabinet.
 624. Go to Billy's home between 20:00 and 22:00. There is a 50 % chance to get the scene where Rachel's husband is leaving with his car.
	Now click on "Sneak into the house". Jason gets a phone call from Janice. Janice wants Jason to come home.
 625. Go home and to the bedroom at 22:00. Click on "Wait for Janice". Jason fucks Janice's ass and cums in her. Janice leaves the bedroom to take a shower.
	Now click on "Add sleeping pills". Janice returns to the bedroom and Jason offers her a glass of water. Janice drinks the water and falls asleep.
 626. Go to Billy's home and click on "Sneak into the house". Jason surprises Rachel in her bedroom. Now click on "Take her out".
	Jason and Rachel go to the remote part of the beach. He surprises her with a romantic candlelight picnic. After a glass of wine, Jason caresses Rachel.
	Jason and Rachel continue to fuck on the beach and in the water at the nearby rock. Now choose between "Pussy" and "Ass". Billy appears on the pier to spy on Janice.
	Using his binoculars, he sees Jason and Rachel having sex at the rock. Finally, Jason cums in Rachel. Rachel's score increases by 10 (up to 480).
	When you repeat this scene, Billy no longer appears on the pier.
 627. (Billy): After the first time Billy saw Jason and Rachel having sex at the beach, he approaches Jason the next day after school.
	Billy angrily tells Jason that he saw him and his mom fucking. Billy suggests to swap their moms for a day. Click on "Decline".
	Jason tells him that he needs some time to think about it.
 628. Make sure you have sleeping pills. Go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra.
	Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Complain about the pain". Kendra tells Jason to follow her to do some tests.
	After all the tests are done, she says that tomorrow morning the results are available.
 629. At night click on "Call Kendra". Jason tells Kendra that he is bored and he thought that they could have a talk about books or something like that.
	Kendra stays with Jason and they have a conversation about the book "The even less shades of pink". Kendra gets tired.
	She wants to drink some coffee and asks Jason if he also wants some coffee. He agrees and Kendra returns with 2 cups of coffee.
	Jason and Kendra sit on the hospital bed. Jason tells Kendra that he is so glad that she is working at the hospital and without her it would be boring.
	Now click on "Ask for sugar". Kendra leaves the room to get some sugar. Now Jason adds a sleeping pill to Kendra's coffee. Then Kendra returns without the sugar.
	Kendra drinks some more coffee and falls asleep. Jason lays her on the hospital bed and says how cute she is while sleeping. Jason takes Kendra's ID badge.
 630. Click on Jason's hospital room door (room 204). Now click on "Return the ID badge" to give the ID badge back to Kendra. Jason goes back to sleep.
	The next morning Kendra awakes and rushes to work.
 631. On weekends between 13:00 and 15:00 go to the beach. Jason sees that Kendra is looking for something. Click on "Approach Kendra".
	She tells him that she lost her key in the sand. Jason tells her that he will think of something to find the key. Click on "Leave".
 632. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Ask for advice how to find a key". Billy tells Jason that he could use a magnet to find the key.
 633. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. Get the scene where Rachel opens the door and calls Billy. Click on "Ask about the magnet".
	Billy found the magnet in the garage. He gives Jason the magnet and asks him to find an ancient coin. Jason agrees to find it.
 634. Go to the beach. When no one is there, click on "Search for Kendra's key". Jason uses the magnet and finds Kendra's key.
	Jason says that he should make a duplicate, which might be useful one day.
 635. Go to the remote part of the beach. When no one is there, click on "Search for the coin". Jason uses the magnet and finds the ancient coin Billy is looking for.
 636. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Show him the ancient coin". Jason gives Billy the coin and gets $400 from him.
 637. Go to the school at 18:00 or later and approach the shady guy. He offers Jason the next job. Click on "Decline" and "Ask him to make a key duplicate".
	Click on "Accept" to pay the shady guy $50 for the duplicate.
 638. The next day go to the school at 18:00 or later and approach the shady guy. Click on "Ask him about the duplicate key".
	The shady guy gives Jason both the original key and the duplicate key.
 639. On weekends between 13:00 and 15:00 go to the beach. Kendra is still looking for the key. Click on "Return her the key". Kendra's score increases by 10.
 640. Make sure you have sleeping pills. Go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra.
	Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Complain about the pain". Kendra tells Jason to follow her to do some tests.
	After all the tests are done, she says that tomorrow morning the results are available.
 641. At night click on "Call Kendra". Jason tells Kendra that he is bored and he thought that they could have a talk about books or something like that.
	Kendra stays with Jason and they have a conversation about the book "The even less shades of pink". Kendra gets tired.
	She wants to drink some coffee and asks Jason if he also wants some coffee. He agrees and Kendra returns with 2 cups of coffee.
	Jason and Kendra sit on the hospital bed. Jason tells Kendra that he is so glad that she is working at the hospital and without her it would be boring.
	Now click on "Ask for sugar". Kendra leaves the room to get some sugar. Now Jason adds a sleeping pill to Kendra's coffee. Then Kendra returns without the sugar.
	Kendra drinks some more coffee and falls asleep. Jason lays her on the hospital bed and says how cute she is while sleeping. Jason takes Kendra's ID badge.
 642. Click on Jason's hospital room door (room 204). Now click on "Return the ID badge" to give the ID badge back to Kendra. Click on "Pull up her skirt".
	Jason fucks Kendra's thighs. Jason cums and goes back to sleep. The next morning Jason and Kendra awake. She is surprised to see Jason's cock and rushes to work.
 643. Go to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Kendra. She asks him to come to the hospital to run additional tests.
 644. Go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra. Click on "Additional health tests". At night Kendra returns and wakes Jason up.
	She handcuffed him to the bed and has put a gag ball into his mouth. Kendra punishes Jason for drugging her.
	She fucks him and does not let him cum in her pussy by using a cock ring. Then Kendra uncuffs Jason and goes back to work. Jason removes the cock ring and cums.
	Jason gets +10 total energy (now at 95) and he takes the "Gag Ball". The next morning Jason apologizes to Kendra for adding the sleeping pills to her coffee.
	Kendra's score increases by 10.
 645. Go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra. Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Complain about the pain".
	Kendra tells Jason to follow her to do some tests. After all the tests are done, she says that tomorrow morning the results are available.
 646. At night click on "Revenge". Jason hides behind the door. Kendra enters the room and Jason grabs her. He pushes her to the bed.
	Jason handcuffs Kendra and puts the gag ball into her mouth. He fucks Kendra in different positions and removes the gag ball to fuck her mouth.
	Finally, Jason cums on Kendra's face.
 647. Go to the hospital between 14:00 and 17:00 and click on "Go inside". Wait for Kendra. Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Complain about the pain".
	Kendra tells Jason to follow her to do some tests. After all the tests are done, she says that tomorrow morning the results are available.
 648. At night click on "Call Kendra". Jason tells Kendra that he is bored and he thought that they could have a talk about books or something like that.
	Kendra stays with Jason and they have a conversation about the book "The even less shades of pink". Kendra gets tired.
	She wants to drink some coffee and asks Jason if he also wants some coffee. He agrees and Kendra returns with 2 cups of coffee.
	Jason and Kendra sit on the hospital bed. Jason tells Kendra that he is so glad that she is working at the hospital and without her it would be boring.
	Now click on "Ask for punishment". Jason tells Kendra that he liked how she punished him and asks her if they could do that again. Kendra agrees to do it.
	Kendra returns and wakes Jason up. She handcuffed him to the bed and has put a gag ball into his mouth. Kendra punishes Jason for drugging her.
	She fucks him and does not let him cum in her pussy by using a cock ring. Then Kendra uncuffs Jason and goes back to work. Jason removes the cock ring and cums.
	The next morning Jason apologizes to Kendra for adding the sleeping pills to her coffee. Kendra's score increases by 10 (up to 150).
 649. Make sure you have done the steps 505 to 507. When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure" and "Give her Dog outfit with mask".
	Janice gives Jason a blowjob in the living room. Julia appears wearing her pink dog outfit. Now she gives Jason a blowjob and bites his cock.
	He sends Julia back to her room. Janice continues to give Jason a blowjob. Jason cums in Janice's mouth. The scene continues the next morning.
	Janice gives Jason a blowjob under the table in the dining room. Julia comes by and tells Jason that she will take a bath. Jason cums in Janice's mouth.
 650. Make sure you have the gag ball (step 644). When Janice visits Jason in his room at night, click on "Sure" and "Give her Dog outfit with mask".
	Janice gives Jason a blowjob in the living room. Julia appears wearing her pink dog outfit.
	Jason puts the gag ball into Julia's mouth, so she will not bite his cock again. Jason fucks Julia's and Janice's pussies.
	Now choose to fuck Julia's or Janice's pussy. During this you can switch to Julia or Janice. Finally, click on "Cum" to cum in Julia's or Janice's pussy.


0.34  Janice:500  Julia:410  Kelly:400  Emma:460  Rebecca:350  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:400  Kira:300  Kendra:150  Michelle:105
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 651. Make sure you have done Danielle's webcam shows (up to step 593). Go to the beach. When Danielle is standing on the lifeguard tower, click on "Approach Danielle".
	She tells Jason that she could not pass up the job offer as a lifeguard.
 652. Make sure you have suncream. Go to the beach at 17:00 or 18:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Kira or Michelle sunbathing.
	When Michelle is there, she notices Jason and wants him to come over. She asks Jason for suncream. Jason gives Michelle the suncream. Michelle's score increases by 10.
 653. Go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard" and "Yes". Jason watches Michelle and Steve having sex.
	Steve cums prematurely in Michelle's pussy. Michelle is disappointed in Steve because he promised to fuck her ass too.
 654. Go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Michelle is there looking at her lawn mower. Click on "Come closer". Michelle asks Jason to fix her lawn mower.
	He tells her that the mower needs some gasoline.
 655. Go home and click on the garage door behind Jason. He gets a canister full of gasoline. (If Jason goes to his room, go to the pool. Now move the camera to the right.
	Then click on the garage door. Jason gets a canister full of gasoline.)
 656. Go back to Michelle's house. Michelle is there looking at her lawn mower. Click on "Come closer". Jason fills up the tank of the lawn mower.
	Michelle asks Jason to mow the lawn. Jason mows the lawn and one hour later Michelle comes back. She tells Jason that she never mowed the lawn so clean by herself.
	She kisses Jason on his forehead. Michelle's score increases by 10.
 657. Make sure you have suncream. The next day go to the beach at 17:00 or 18:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Kira or Michelle sunbathing.
	When Michelle is there, she wants Jason to come over. She asks Jason for suncream. Jason gives Michelle the suncream.
	Now she asks Jason to apply the suncream on her back. Jason applies the suncream on Michelle's back. Michelle's score increases by 10.
 658. Go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Jason watches Michelle fingering her pussy.
	She notices Jason masturbating and lets him watch her. Michelle sticks 2 fingers in her mouth and then she sticks them in her ass.
	Finally, Jason cums on the bedroom window.
 659. The next day go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting in the pool having a glass of wine and looking pretty upset.
	She notices Jason and wants him to come over. She asks him to get in the pool. Michelle tells Jason that Steve is cheating on her again.
	Michelle thinks that she is just an old ugly hag with big ugly boobs and a fat ass. Jason tells her that she is a very attractive lady with very beautiful breasts.
	Michelle wants Jason to feel her breasts. Now Jason caresses Michelle's breasts. Michelle's score increases by 10.
	He tells her that her breasts are soft and sucks on one of them. Jason and Michelle are about to kiss when Kira suddenly appears.
	She notices that Michelle is drunk and drags her out of the pool.
 660. Make sure you have suncream. Go to the beach at 17:00 or 18:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Kira or Michelle sunbathing.
	When Michelle is there, click on "Approach her" and "Offer the sun lotion". She asks Jason to apply the suncream on her back.
	Then Jason applies the suncream on Michelle's back. She asks Jason if guys of his age still find such fat asses like hers attractive.
	Jason admits that her ass is big, but the shape is just perfect. Now Michelle asks Jason to rub some suncream on her butt.
	Jason rubs the suncream on Michelle's butt and she tells him that he could be a really good masseur. Jason gets an erection and Michelle's score increases by 10.
	Then he finishes applying the suncream on Michelle's butt. Michelle notices Jason's erection and she feels good to be desired.
	Repeat this step until Michelle's score is 95.
 661. Go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Jason watches Michelle fingering her pussy. She notices Jason and shows him her big ass.
	She sticks a finger in her mouth and then she sticks the finger in her ass. Jason masturbates and Michelle continues to fuck her ass with 2 fingers.
	Finally, Jason cums on the bedroom window. Michelle's score increases by 10.
 662. Go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting naked in the pool and plays with her tits and pussy.
	Jason masturbates while Michelle rubs her pussy. Michelle notices Jason and wants him to come closer. Suddenly, Steve is standing on the balcony.
	He tells Michelle that he was looking for her.
 663. Go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Jason watches Michelle fingering her pussy.
	She notices Jason masturbating and wants him to come in. Jason enters the bedroom and Michelle gives Jason a blowjob while Steve is sleeping next to them.
	Suddenly, Steve awakes and wants Michelle to hug him. Jason hides beside the bed and then he goes home to sleep.
 664. Make sure you have fucked Kira in the school shower (step 442). Go to the park and catch Kira sitting on the bench. Click on "Approach her".
	She tells Jason that she bought 2 tickets for a concert and does not have anyone to go with her. Jason tells Kira to find someone to accompany her.
	Kira's score increases by 10.
 665. Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Ask her to go out with Kira". Julia agrees to go out with Kira.
	Julia's and Kira's scores increase by 10. (If Julia tells Jason that she cannot help Kira this time because she has other plans, repeat the steps 531 and 532.)
 666. When Jason goes to sleep the next day, click on "Dreams" and "Dream about Kira and Julia". Jason dreams about Kira and Julia having sex in Michelle's pool.
	During the scene click on "Kira" or "Julia" and "Pussy" or "Ass" to continue having different sex fantasies about Kira and Julia. That night Julia is not at home.
	From now on Julia will not spend the night at home every 5 to 10 days.
 667. From now on, when Jason goes to sleep, click on "Dreams" and "Dream about Kira and Julia". Jason dreams about Kira and Julia having sex in Michelle's pool.
	During the scene click on "Kira" or "Julia" and "Pussy" or "Ass" to continue having different sex fantasies about Kira and Julia.
 668. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about outfits". Now click on "Swimsuits".
	From now on you can also choose the "Swimsuit Dream". Now choose the colors for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone.
	Click on "Done". Then click on "Wear it" to let Julia wear the swimsuit on this day or "Wear it as daily as well" to let her wear the swimsuit all the time at home.
 669. Make sure you have done the steps 626, 635 and 636. Go to Billy's home at 14:00 or 15:00. Jason sees how Billy is refusing to go fishing with his dad.
	Jason convinces Billy to go fishing with his dad because he could find more ancient coins at the beach.
 670. Jason enters Billy's home and surprises Rachel. Then click on "Be gentle" or "Be rough". Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and cums in her. Now Rachel makes Jason a sandwich.
	Then they go to the bathroom. Jason licks and fucks Rachel's ass and cums in her. Now Jason and Rachel go to the bedroom.
	Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and finally cums in her. Rachel's score increases by 10 (up to 500).
 671. Make sure you have done the steps 532 and 669. Go home and to Jason's room. (On weekends this happens automatically.)
	Julia comes in and asks Jason if he thinks that she is fat because she was told that her ass is getting too fat for modeling.
	He tells her that her ass is fine and that she could start jogging if she worries about getting fat. Julia says that she does not have sneakers.
	Jason tells her that he will get her the sneakers. This storyline continues with step 967.
 672. To repeat step 670, go to Billy's home on Saturdays at 14:00. Jason sees how Billy and his dad are leaving. Now click on "Go inside".
 673. (Billy): The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Talk about Mom swap idea" and "Agree".
	Jason tells Billy that he likes the idea and will do his best to talk Janice into it.
 674. (Billy): Go home and to the living room. Catch Janice there reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Talk about Mom swap".
	Jason tells Janice that he and Billy thought it would be cool to swap their moms for a day. Janice likes the idea.
 675. (Billy): The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Talk about Mom swap idea". Jason tells Billy the great news that Janice is waiting for him.
	Then Jason enters Billy's home and surprises Rachel. Now click on "Be gentle" or "Be rough". Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and cums in her.
	Now Rachel makes Jason a sandwich. Then they go to the bathroom. Jason licks and fucks Rachel's ass and cums in her. Now Jason and Rachel go to the bedroom.
	Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and finally cums in her. Rachel's score increases by 10 (up to 500).
 676. (Billy): The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Ask about his day with Janice". Billy tells his version of the day full of lustful sex with Janice.
 677. (Billy): Go home and to the living room. Catch Janice there reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Ask about her day with Billy".
	Janice tells her version of the day full of restrained sex with Billy.


0.35  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:400  Emma:460  Rebecca:350  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:400  Kira:300  Kendra:150  Michelle:185
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 678. Go to Michelle's house at 20:00 or later and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting naked in the pool having a glass of wine.
	She notices Jason and wants him to get in the pool. Jason gets in the pool and Michelle squeezes his head between her tits. Then Jason sucks on her tits.
	As they kiss, Steve suddenly comes back from work. Jason gets behind Michelle. Steve talks to Michelle and Jason licks her pussy from behind.
	Steve goes into the house and Michelle asks Jason to get out of the pool. Jason goes home to sleep.
 679. Go to Michelle's house at 22:00 and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Jason watches Michelle fingering her pussy.
	She notices Jason masturbating and wants him to come in. Jason enters the bedroom and Michelle gives Jason a blowjob while Steve is sleeping next to them.
	Suddenly, Steve awakes and Jason hides beside the bed. Michelle tells Steve that she had a bad dream. Now click on "Go for it" to lick Michelle's ass.
	Then click on "Finger her" to stick 2 fingers in Michelle's pussy. Steve notices that Michelle is sweating.
	She tells him that she maybe overstayed in the pool today and caught a cold. Michelle wants Steve to make her a cup of hot tea.
	Steve leaves the bedroom to make her a tea. Michelle's score increases by 10. Michelle cannot take it anymore and wants Jason to fuck her.
	Jason sticks his cock in her pussy. Now Steve comes back with a cup of tea. Jason hides beside the bed and then he goes home to sleep.
 680. Go to Michelle's house at 20:00. Jason sees how Michelle is leaving for the evening with Steve.
 681. The next day go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Ask about the evening".
	Michelle tells him that Steve took her out to the restaurant. Jason mentions how gorgeous she looked in that dress.
	Michelle tells Jason that she cannot say the same about the evening. Steve met a friend from work and both got completely drunk.
	Finally, Michelle says that Steve will be away on a business trip soon and then she will give Jason a call. Michelle's score increases by 10.
 682. Make sure you asked Michelle about the evening at the restaurant (step 681) and you have done the "Julia going out with Kira" event (step 666).
	Also make sure Kira's score is 200 or higher. Go home and to Jason's room. Julia is sitting at Jason's PC.
	She is looking for an online store which has superhero costumes because Kira invited her to a themed party.
	Julia tells Jason that she cannot find a superhero costume and leaves Jason's room. Jason thinks that he could find an online store.
	(This event will be continued with step 764.)
 683. Go home and to Jason's room. From now on every 3 to 7 days Jason gets a message from Michelle when he is in his room.
	Keep going to Jason's room until you get a message from Michelle where she tells him that Steve will be out of town tonight and she might feel very lonely.
 684. Go to Michelle's house at 20:00 or later and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting naked in the pool and plays with her tits and pussy.
	Jason masturbates while Michelle rubs her pussy. Michelle notices Jason and wants him to come to her. Michelle gives Jason a blowjob and let him fuck her tits.
	Then she sticks Jason's cock in her pussy and they fuck in different positions. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
	Michelle's score increases by 10. Now click on "Go home".
 685. Make sure you have suncream. Go to the beach at 17:00 or 18:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Kira or Michelle sunbathing.
	When Michelle is there, click on "Approach her" and "Offer the sun lotion". She asks Jason to apply the suncream on her back.
	Jason applies the suncream on Michelle's back. She asks Jason if guys of his age still find such fat asses like hers attractive.
	Jason admits that her ass is big, but the shape is just perfect. Now Michelle asks Jason to rub some suncream on her butt.
	Jason rubs the suncream on Michelle's butt and she tells him that he could be a really good masseur. Jason gets an erection and Michelle moves her panties to the side.
	Jason licks Michelle's ass and then he sticks a thumb in it. Now Jason cannot take it anymore and fucks Michelle's ass.
	Suddenly, Danielle appears on the beach to start her shift as a lifeguard. Michelle feels embarrassed.
	She tells Jason to warn her the next time before going balls deep in one thrust because it was so painful.
 686. From now on, when Jason goes to sleep, click on "Dreams" and "Dream about Michelle and Danielle". Jason dreams about Michelle and Danielle sitting in a bar.
	Suddenly, Jason appears with a gun. Click on "Pull down the skirts" to reveal Danielle's and Michelle's tits and to suck on them or "Leave it as it is".
	Now Jason forces them to bend over the counter and pulls up both skirts. Choose to fuck Danielle's or Michelle's pussy.
	During this you can switch to Danielle or Michelle. Click on "Continue" and choose to fuck Danielle's or Michelle's ass.
	During this you can switch to Danielle or Michelle. Finally, click on "Cum" to cum on Danielle's and Michelle's faces.
 687. Make sure you have suncream and lube. Go to the beach at 17:00 or 18:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Kira or Michelle sunbathing.
	When Michelle is there, click on "Approach her" and "Offer the sun lotion". She asks Jason to apply the suncream on her back.
	Jason applies the suncream on Michelle's back. She asks Jason if guys of his age still find such fat asses like hers attractive.
	Jason admits that her ass is big, but the shape is just perfect. Now Michelle asks Jason to rub some suncream on her butt.
	Jason rubs the suncream on Michelle's butt and she tells him that he could be a really good masseur. Jason gets an erection and Michelle moves her panties to the side.
	Jason licks Michelle's ass. Now click on "Use Lube". Jason uses the lube and sticks a thumb in Michelle's ass.
	Now Jason cannot take it anymore and fucks Michelle's ass in different positions. Finally, he cums in her ass. Michelle's score increases by 10 (up to 185).
 688. (Pregnancy): Make sure Janice's score is 500 or higher, you have done all threesomes with Janice and Julia (up to step 293) and Jason's energy is 95.
	Go home and to the bedroom when Janice is not in there and click on the bed. Now click on "Set as your sleeping bed". Go to sleep in Janice's bed.
	At night Julia appears and asks Jason and Janice to sleep with them. Click on "Agree". After everyone falls asleep, click on "Wake them up".
	Jason, Janice and Julia start to lick and kiss each other. Click on "Janice" or "Julia" and "Pussy" or "Ass". Jason fucks Janice's or Julia's pussy or ass.
	Then he cums in Janice's or Julia's pussy or ass. Now you can continue the scene twice by choosing to fuck Janice's or Julia's pussy or ass.
	By the end of the scene Janice ingests a birth control pill. Janice's and Julia's scores increase by 10 (up to 550).
 689. Go to Jason's room. Jason gets a message about a new sexy micro bikini. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser".
	Go to the "Veronica's Secret" store and buy the "Micro Bikini".
 690. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Give her Micro Bikini". Julia's score increases by 10 (up to 550).
	Now choose the colors for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone. Click on "Done".
	Then click on "Wear it" to let Julia wear the swimsuit on this day or "Wear it as daily as well" to let her wear the swimsuit all the time at home.
 691. (Pregnancy): Catch Janice exercising alone in the living room. Click on "Keep watching" and "Hide and watch". Now click on "Use hypno command" and "Be impregnated".
	Janice asks Jason if he is out of his mind. She says that she was pretending the last time and liked the things he wanted from her.
	Janice tells Jason that getting is own mother pregnant is way too much but she would like to have a baby.
 692. (Pregnancy): Go to sleep in Janice's bed. Click on "Wake them up". Jason, Janice and Julia start to lick and kiss each other.
	Click on "Janice" or "Julia" and "Pussy" or "Ass". Jason fucks Janice's or Julia's pussy or ass. Then he cums in Janice's or Julia's pussy or ass.
	Now you can continue the scene twice by choosing to fuck Janice's or Julia's pussy or ass. By the end of the scene Janice ingests a birth control pill.
	Jason notices that Janice keeps her birth control pills in her nightstand. He has the idea to swap them with fake ones.
	Janice's and Julia's scores increase by 10 (up to 550).
 693. (Pregnancy): Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her". Now click on "Ask about Fake pills".
	Kelly gives Jason the "Placebo pills". Click on "Pay" to buy the pills for $50.
 694. (Pregnancy): Go home and to the bedroom. Click on the nightstand on the left side of the bed. Jason swaps the pills.
 695. (Pregnancy): Go to sleep in Janice's bed. Click on "Wake them up". Jason, Janice and Julia start to lick and kiss each other.
	Click on "Janice" and "Pussy" to fuck Janice's pussy. After Jason cums in Janice's pussy, she will be pregnant with a chance of 33 %.
	Now continue the scene by choosing to fuck Janice's pussy. After Jason cums in Janice's pussy, she will be pregnant with a chance of 66 %.
	Continue the scene again by choosing to fuck Janice's pussy. After Jason cums in Janice's pussy, she will definitely be pregnant.
	By the end of the scene Janice ingests a placebo pill. Janice's and Julia's scores increase by 10 (up to 550).
 696. (Pregnancy): Go home and to Jason's room. (On weekends this happens automatically.)
	When the impregnation was successful, Janice tells Jason that she is pregnant with his baby. She says that they should sleep together, since she is carrying his baby.
	Janice's bed is the default sleeping bed from now on.
 697. (Pregnancy): Go to the bathroom when Janice is in the jacuzzi (between 20:00 and 22:00) and click on "Join her".
	Jason teases Janice by saying that her belly is getting bigger and bigger every day and that this really fits her. Jason can barely hold himself.
	Janice wants him to fuck her. Jason licks Janice's pussy and fucks her pussy in different positions. Finally, he cums in Janice's pussy.
 698. (Pregnancy): Go to sleep and with a chance of 40 % Jason wakes up with Janice giving him a blowjob. Click on "Continue" and Janice wants Jason to fuck her in the ass.
	Now click on "Use lube" or "Use saliva". After Jason puts the lube or his saliva in Janice's ass, he fucks her ass in different positions and cums in her.
	(When you let John stay at home (step 474) and he is at home, he will come in during the scene asking if the baby is coming.
	Janice tells John that the baby is not coming and asks him to get out.)
 699. (Pregnancy): Janice goes into labor after 30 days. When you go to sleep and click on "Sleep till morning" or at the end of step 698 Janice goes into labor.
	Jason calls an ambulance and the next morning Janice gives birth to a baby girl in the hospital. As soon as the scene in the hospital ends, the baby is gone.


0.36  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:400  Emma:460  Rebecca:350  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:490  Kira:300  Kendra:150  Michelle:245
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 700. Go to the beach. When Danielle is standing on the lifeguard tower, click on "Fake drowning". Jason gets into the ocean and fakes a drowning.
	Danielle helps Jason out of the ocean and performs a mouth-to-mouth respiration on Jason. Suddenly, Jason kisses her. Danielle tells him that this is not funny.
	She goes back to the lifeguard tower.
 701. The next day go to the beach. When Danielle is standing on the lifeguard tower, click on "Approach Danielle". Danielle invites Jason to check the lifeguard tower.
	Click on "Grab her butt". Danielle refuses to have some fun with Jason, since she is at work.
 702. The next day go to the beach. When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle looks at a graffiti and tells Jason that some bastards vandalized her tower. Jason offers Danielle to help her clean the lifeguard tower.
 703. Go home and click on the garage door behind Jason. If Jason goes to his room, go to the pool and click on the storage room door on the right side of the house.
	Jason gets the cleaning tools.
 704. Make sure Michelle's score is 140 or higher. The next day go to the beach. When Danielle is standing on the lifeguard tower, click on "Check the Lifeguard tower".
	Jason tries to clean off the graffiti from the lifeguard tower to no avail. Michelle appears at the lifeguard tower and asks Jason what he is doing.
	He tells her that he tries to clean off the board of the lifeguard tower with no luck. Michelle tells Jason to use some cleaning liquid.
 705. Go inside the school at 15:00 and go to the toilet. (At this hour graffiti is being cleaned off from the toilet's wall.) Click on the bottle with the blue cap.
	Jason receives the "Urban graffiti remover". Return to the corridor.
 706. Go to the beach. When Danielle is standing on the lifeguard tower, click on "Check the Lifeguard tower".
	Jason tries to clean off the graffiti from the lifeguard tower to no avail. Michelle appears at the lifeguard tower and asks Jason if he has got the paint remover.
	Jason is not sure about it. Michelle helps Jason to find it out. She cleans off the graffiti from the lifeguard tower.
	Now her swimsuit is dirty from all the cleaning work. Danielle appears and asks what happened. Jason explains the situation to Danielle.
	Michelle has to take off the swimsuit because the paint is burning on her skin. Danielle takes Michelle to the lifeguard tower.
	Michelle changes into a tight red lifeguard swimsuit. Then Jason takes some pictures of Danielle and Michelle wearing the red lifeguard swimsuits.
	Danielle gets a call and goes into the lifeguard tower. Now Jason takes some pictures of Michelle holding the lifeguard rescue can.
	As Jason takes some pictures with Michelle in the water, she starts to drown. Danielle rescues Michelle and they go to the beach.
	Michelle's swimsuit slipped out of place. Jason and Danielle recognize a butt plug in Michelle's ass. Michelle thanks Danielle for rescuing her again.
	Danielle's and Michelle's scores increase by 10. Michelle goes home.
	Jason tells Danielle that she can learn something from Michelle about the last stage of the anal training. Danielle is not sure about this.
	Jason says that he will talk to Danielle.
 707. Go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door", "Talk" and "Ask for anal training help for Danielle".
	She tells Jason to talk about it some other time.
 708. Go home and to Jason's room. Every 3 to 7 days Jason gets a message from Michelle when he is in his room.
	Keep going to Jason's room until you get a message from Michelle where she tells him that Steve will be out of town tonight and she might feel very lonely.
 709. Go to Michelle's house at 20:00 or later and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting naked in the pool and plays with her tits and pussy.
	Jason masturbates while Michelle rubs her pussy. Michelle notices Jason and wants him to come to her. Michelle gives Jason a blowjob and let him fuck her tits.
	Then she sticks Jason's cock in her pussy and they fuck in different positions. Now choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
	Finally, click on "Ask her to help Danielle with anal training". Michelle agrees to help Danielle.
 710. Go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Talk about anal training".
	Jason tells Danielle that he has talked to Michelle and that she agreed to help Danielle.
 711. Later that evening Michelle comes by and is surprised to see Jason in Danielle's bedroom. Danielle tells Michelle that the training program was Jason's idea.
	Danielle and Michelle take a look at and talk about the different dildo sizes in the "From Zero to Anal Hero kit". Then the anal training program begins.
	As soon as Michelle tries to stick the biggest dildo in Danielle's ass, Danielle stops her and tells Michelle that it is too big and will not fit.
	Michelle demonstrates how to stick the biggest dildo in her ass. Now Danielle tries it once again. This time the dildo slides into Danielle's ass.
	Jason cannot resist any longer and they have a steamy threesome. Now choose to continue with Danielle or Michelle.
	Then you have different options to continue the anal training program full of ass fisting and fucking. Finally, click on "Cum".
	Now choose to cum on their faces or asses, in Danielle's or Michelle's pussy or in Danielle's or Michelle's ass. Danielle's and Michelle's scores increase by 10.
 712. To repeat the anal training (step 711), go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside.
	Click on "Repeat the training with Michelle". Later that evening Michelle comes by. Now Danielle slowly sticks the biggest dildo into her ass.
	Jason cannot resist any longer and they have a steamy threesome. Now choose to continue with Danielle or Michelle.
	Then you have different options to continue the anal training program full of ass fisting and fucking. Finally, click on "Cum".
	Now choose to cum on their faces or asses, in Danielle's or Michelle's pussy or in Danielle's or Michelle's ass.
	Danielle's and Michelle's scores increase by 10 (Danielle: up to 490, Michelle: up to 245).
 713. Go to Danielle's house at 21:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Within the cam show room Jason wonders where Danielle is.
	After a while, she appears wearing a kinky lifeguard swimsuit. Danielle teases the viewers with her kinky lifeguard swimsuit.
	Danielle's score increases by 10 (up to 490). Then she goes away to get a surprise. After a while, she presents an extra thick dildo.
	Danielle and Jason start the webcam show using the thick dildo in Danielle's ass. Jason fucks Danielle's pussy and cums in her.
	Danielle's score increases by 10 (up to 490). After the end of the show, click on "Stay" to stay with Danielle overnight.
 714. Danielle and Jason go to Danielle's bedroom. Now click on "Fuck". Jason licks and fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Now click on "Anal training".
	Jason licks Danielle's ass. Then click on "Extra thick". Danielle asks Jason to invite Michelle again.
	Later that evening Michelle comes by to repeat the anal training (step 711).
 715. The next day go to the beach. When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower and looking out to sea, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle is wearing her new lifeguard swimsuit. Danielle and Jason talk about how nice she looks in her new swimsuit. For now, click on "Leave".
 716. Make sure you have done the steps 490 to 493. Go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Talk".
	Jason asks Michelle about the help regarding the hospital archives. Michelle agrees to help Jason by finding someone in the hospital who remembers her.
 717. The next day go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Talk". Michelle tells Jason that the receptionist is new and does not listen to her.
 718. (Billy): Make sure you have asked Billy about his day with Janice (step 676). The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Swap moms for a day".
	Now Jason enters Billy's home and surprises Rachel. Click on "Be gentle" or "Be rough". Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and cums in her. Now Rachel makes Jason a sandwich.
	Then click on "Let's go to the beach". Jason and Rachel go to the remote part of the beach to have sex. Suddenly, Janice and Billy appear.
	Jason suggests to have fun together and Janice convinces Rachel to continue. Now Jason continues to have sex with Rachel and Billy starts to have sex with Janice.
	After a while, Jason fucks Janice's ass and then continues to fuck Rachel's pussy. Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside".


0.37  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:490  Kira:400  Kendra:150  Michelle:245
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 719. Go to the pharmacy shop at 20:00 and click on "Go in". Jason goes to the BDSM dungeon and watches Kelly punishing the receptionist.
 720. The next day go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and "Talk about receptionist Yuki".
	Jason tells Kelly that he really likes her friend Yuki and asks if he could spend some time with her in the dungeon.
	Kelly gets angry and tells Jason that no one may find out about what she and Yuki are doing. Jason says that he is not going to tell anyone.
	Jason asks Kelly if she could let him have some fun with Yuki. Kelly reluctantly agrees and wants Jason to get her an assistant for the pharmacy shop.
 721. Go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Offer a job at the pharmacy store". She refuses to take the job.
 722. Go to Michelle's house. Kira is wearing a fancy dress and seems to have an argument with Michelle.
	Kira goes into the house and Jason asks Michelle if everything is okay. Michelle tells Jason that Kira spent all her savings for one dress.
 723. Come back to Michelle's house between 17:00 and 19:00. Jason meets Kira wearing the fancy dress. Click on "Approach her".
	Jason tells Kira how gorgeous and amazing she looks in that dress.
 724. Go home and to Jason's room. Every 3 to 7 days Jason gets a message from Michelle when he is in his room.
	Keep going to Jason's room until you get a message from Michelle where she tells him that Steve will be out of town tonight and she might feel very lonely.
 725. Go to Michelle's house at 20:00 or later and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting naked in the pool and plays with her tits and pussy.
	Jason masturbates while Michelle rubs her pussy. Michelle notices Jason and wants him to come to her. Michelle gives Jason a blowjob and let him fuck her tits.
	Then she sticks Jason's cock in her pussy and they fuck in different positions. Then choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 726. Now click on "Look for Kira's room". Jason enters Kira's room. Click on the iron. Jason turns the iron on and puts it on her dress to burn it.
 727. Jason returns to Michelle. She shows him her opened asshole. Jason fucks Michelle's asshole in different positions.
	Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside". Now Jason notices smoke coming out of Kira's room.
	Michelle goes into Kira's room to prevent the worst from happening. Michelle tells Jason that Kira forgot to turn off the iron and nearly burned down the house.
 728. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor. She is crying. Click on "Approach her".
	She tells him that she forgot to turn off the iron and burned her dress. Kira also tells Jason that she has spent all her savings on that dress.
	Jason reminds her that the pharmacy shop is still looking for a new employee. Kira leaves for the pharmacy shop to get the job. Kira's score increases by 10.
 729. Go to the pharmacy shop between 17:00 and 19:00 and click on "Go in". Jason meets Kira working there from now on. Jason can also buy items from her.
 730. The next day go to the pharmacy shop until 16:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and "Talk about your deal about employee".
	Kelly tells Jason that Kira is a great helper and quick learner. Jason reminds Kelly on their deal about him having some fun in her dungeon.
	Kelly tells Jason that the next time he shows up in her secret room, he will have his fun.
 731. Go to the pharmacy shop at 20:00 and click on "Go in". Jason goes to the BDSM dungeon. Kelly tells him that Yuki must not know he is here.
	Kelly lets Jason fuck Yuki's pussy as a punishment for her. Kelly gets wet from watching Jason fucking Yuki's pussy.
	She takes him away from Yuki and let him fuck her pussy. As soon as Kelly wants Jason to lick her ass, Jason goes to Yuki and fucks her pussy.
	But Kelly takes him away from Yuki again and sticks his cock in her pussy. Kelly fucks him fast and Jason cums in her pussy.
 732. The next day go to the pharmacy shop at 20:00 and click on "Go in". Jason goes to the BDSM dungeon. Kelly tells him that Yuki must not know he is here.
	Kelly lets Jason fuck Yuki's pussy as a punishment for her. Kelly gets wet from watching Jason fucking Yuki's pussy.
	She takes him away from Yuki and let him fuck her pussy. As soon as Kelly wants Jason to lick her ass, click on "Lick Kelly's ass".
	Now Kelly asks Jason different things to do with her randomly. Click on the appropriate text to follow her instructions.
	On the fifth instruction, Kelly asks Jason to fuck her pussy. Jason fucks Kelly's pussy. As soon as he is close to cumming, Jason fucks Yuki's pussy and cums in her.
	Jason impregnated Yuki and her belly grows with each day. Kelly's score increases by 10.
 733. After 10 days, Jason wakes up at night and hears some noises. Go to the living room. Then go to the kitchen.
	Jason thinks it was a dream after all and goes back to his room. Kelly is waiting for Jason in his room and tells him angrily that he impregnated Yuki.
	Kelly also tells him that Yuki came up with the idea to keep the baby, so Kelly is no longer role-playing with her.
	Kelly forces Jason to find her someone to replace Yuki for the role-playing.
 734. Go to Rebecca's home between 17:00 and 19:00 and click on the front door. Rebecca asks Jason to come in. They sit down by the pool.
	Rebecca tells Jason that she kicked her husband out and wants Jason to lick her pussy. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Vaginal": Jason fucks Rebecca's pussy outside and inside the pool in different positions.
	   After Jason cums in Rebecca's pussy, his cum is dripping out of her pussy. Rebecca says that she cleaned the floor a couple of hours ago.
	   Jason takes the empty cocktail glass and let his cum drip out of Rebecca's pussy inside the glass. He gives Rebecca the glass and she drinks Jason's cum out of it.
	b) "Anal": Jason licks Rebecca's ass. Then he fucks Rebecca's ass outside and inside the pool in different positions.
	   After Jason cums in Rebecca's ass, his cum is dripping out of her ass. Rebecca says that she cleaned the floor a couple of hours ago.
	   Jason takes the empty cocktail glass and let his cum drip out of Rebecca's ass inside the glass. He gives Rebecca the glass and she drinks Jason's cum out of it.
 735. Go home and to Jason's room. Jason gets a message about new medium sized latex outfits. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser".
	Go to the "Fetish Outfits" store and buy the "Latex suit TheOrange" (Size M) for $250.
 736. Go to Rebecca's home between 17:00 and 19:00 and click on the front door. Rebecca asks Jason to come in. They sit down by the pool.
	Rebecca tells Jason that she kicked her husband out. Now click on "Give her the latex suit". Rebecca's score increases by 10.
	Rebecca goes into the house to put on the latex suit. Rebecca comes back and Jason tells her that the latex suit fits her perfectly.
	As she is coming closer, Jason notices that the latex suit is crotchless. He cannot hold it any longer and licks Rebecca's pussy. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Vaginal": Jason fucks Rebecca's pussy outside and inside the pool in different positions.
	   After Jason cums in Rebecca's pussy, his cum is dripping out of her pussy. Rebecca says that she cleaned the floor a couple of hours ago.
	   Jason takes the empty cocktail glass and let his cum drip out of Rebecca's pussy inside the glass. He gives Rebecca the glass and she drinks Jason's cum out of it.
	b) "Anal": Jason licks Rebecca's ass. Then he fucks Rebecca's ass outside and inside the pool in different positions.
	   After Jason cums in Rebecca's ass, his cum is dripping out of her ass. Rebecca says that she cleaned the floor a couple of hours ago.
	   Jason takes the empty cocktail glass and let his cum drip out of Rebecca's ass inside the glass. He gives Rebecca the glass and she drinks Jason's cum out of it.
	 Rebecca tells Jason that this was an amazing experience and she never imagined that a tight latex suit would feel so good.
	 Jason says that a friend of his enjoys latex a lot and has a special place for latex games. Jason invites Rebecca to pay her a visit.
	 Rebecca would like to give it a try.
 737. Go to the pharmacy shop at 20:00 and click on "Go in". Jason goes to the BDSM dungeon. Kelly, Rebecca and Kira are there.
	(When you repeat this step, click on "Keep watching".) They notice Jason. Rebecca and Kira grab Jason and they lock him in a cage.
	Now Kelly, Rebecca and Kira have a steamy threesome. The scene has 2 endings:
	a) Kelly, Rebecca and Kira masturbate and squirt on Jason. Kelly's score increases by 10 (up to 450).
	b) Make sure you have done the watersports in the bathroom with Janice (step 51 a b). Kelly, Rebecca and Kira pee on Jason. Kelly's score increases by 10 (up to 450).
	When you have done step 51 a b, there is a 50 % chance for each ending.
 738. The next day go to the pharmacy shop at 20:00 and click on "Go in". Jason goes to the BDSM dungeon. Kelly, Rebecca and Kira are there. Click on "Put on latex suit".
	Now choose the color of the latex suit. Jason surprises Kelly, Rebecca and Kira. Kelly gives Jason a blowjob. Now choose to fuck her pussy or ass.
	Then click on "Switch to Kira" or "Switch to Rebecca" and then choose between "Pussy" and "Anal". Now choose to switch to her pussy or ass.
	You can also switch to one of the other 2 girls. Click on "Cum" and Jason cums on Kelly's, Rebecca's and Kira's faces. Now Kelly gets handcuffed.
	Click on "Fuck her pussy" or "Fuck her ass" and finally click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside." Rebecca's and Kira's scores increase by 10 (up to 400).
 739. Repeat step 737 to increase Kelly's score up to 450 and step 738 to increase Rebecca's and Kira's scores up to 400.
 740. 20 days after Jason impregnated Yuki in Kelly's dungeon (step 732), go to the hospital and click on "Go inside". Now click on "Approach Kendra".
	Kendra replaced Yuki as the receptionist. She tells Jason that her work is going well. Now click on "Ask about Yuki".
	Kendra tells Jason that Yuki went on maternity leave and temporarily replaced her.
 741. Make sure Janice's bed is Jason's sleeping bed, her score is 490 or higher and you have done the steps 476 to 481.
	Also make sure Julia is not sleeping with them in Janice's bed. Go to sleep in Janice's bed. Click on "Wake her up" and "Offer to go to the park".
	Jason suggests to go to the park to have some fun at a public place. Janice tells him that she is going to put on her special lingerie.
	When Janice comes back wearing white lingerie, choose between "Release the hair" and "Tie the hair". Then click on "Let's go!" to go to the park with Janice.
 742. Janice and Jason are in the park and they start to have some naughty fun on the bench. After a while, the red hoodie guy appears. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Hide": Janice and Jason hide behind the bench while the red hoodie guy passes by. They continue having more naughty fun.
	   Finally, click on "Cum inside" to cum in Janice's pussy or "Cum outside" to cum on Janice's belly.
	b) Do not click on "Hide": The red hoodie guy catches Janice and Jason and punches Jason. As Jason wakes up, Janice is fucking the red hoodie guy.
	   Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Join them": Jason gets up and fucks Janice's ass while the red hoodie guy fucks Janice's pussy. The naughty threesome continues in different positions.
		   Then the red hoodie guy cums in Janice's mouth. After he leaves, Jason fucks Janice's ass and cums in her.
		b) "Don't interrupt them": Jason takes a rest. The red hoodie guy fucks Janice's pussy in different positions. Finally, he cums on Janice's face.
		   After the red hoodie guy leaves, Janice tells Jason that she had to do this to stop the red hoodie guy from threatening him.
 743. Repeat step 741. When Janice comes back wearing black lingerie, choose between "Release the hair" and "Tie the hair".
	Then click on "Let's go!" to go to the park with Janice. Now repeat step 742.
 744. Repeat step 741. When Janice comes back wearing white lingerie, choose between "Change to the black outfit" and "Change to the white outfit". Then click on "Perfect!".
	Now choose between "Release the hair" and "Tie the hair". Then click on "Let's go!" to go to the park with Janice. Now repeat step 742.
 745. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Daily clothes".
	From now on you can also choose "Short body lingerie" and "Black lingerie bodysuit" (within "Lingerie").
	For the "Short body lingerie" you can choose the colors for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone.
 746. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about outfits". Now click on "Daily outfits".
	From now on you can also choose "Lingerie White". Now choose the colors for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone.
	Click on "Done". Then click on "Wear it" to let Julia wear the swimsuit on this day or "Wear it as daily as well" to let her wear the swimsuit all the time at home.


0.38  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:490  Kira:400  Kendra:280  Michelle:245
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 747. Go to the hospital and click on "Go inside". Now click on "Approach Kendra" and "Ask for permission to archives".
	Jason asks Kendra if she can let him into the archives. She tells Jason that this is strictly prohibited and she would lose her job for such a violation.
 748. On Saturday between 13:00 and 15:00 go to the beach. Click on "Approach Kendra". She tells Jason that she feels so stressed and tired lately.
	Jason offers her a foot massage. Kendra agrees and Jason gives her the foot massage.
 749. Make sure Kendra's score is 100 or higher. On Sunday between 13:00 and 15:00 go to the beach again. Click on "Approach Kendra".
	She tells Jason that she feels so stressed and tired lately. Jason offers her a foot massage. Kendra agrees and Jason gives her the foot massage.
	Now click on "Massage legs". Kendra asks Jason to rub her legs too. Jason massages her legs and thighs. Now click on "Leave".
 750. Go to the park at 17:00 or later. Wait for Kendra looking at her broken shoe and approach her.
	Jason takes a look and tells Kendra that the heel itself is fully intact. Then Jason tells Kendra that he can repair the shoe with the help of some "Super Glue".
 751. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Ask about the glue". Jason asks Billy if he has the "Super Glue".
	Billy tells him that he has plenty of it and wants Jason to do something for him for giving him the glue. Billy wants his Twistnite game CD back.
	Rachel took it away from him because of bad grades. So, he wants Jason to get the CD back. Billy tells him that Rachel keeps the CD in her bedroom.
 752. Now there are 2 ways to get into Rachel's bedroom and get the CD for Billy:
	a) (Billy): Go back to the school and approach Billy. Click on "Swap moms for a day". Now Jason enters Billy's home and surprises Rachel.
	   Click on "Be gentle" or "Be rough". Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and cums in her. Now Rachel makes Jason a sandwich. Then click on "Take a bath together".
	   They go to the bathroom. Jason licks and fucks Rachel's ass and cums in her. Then they go to the bedroom. Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and finally cums in her.
	   After Rachel falls asleep, click on "Search the room". Now click on the books on the left side of the table. Jason gets "The Twistnite" game CD.
	b) Go to Billy's home between 20:00 and 22:00. There is a 50 % chance to get the scene where Rachel's husband is leaving with his car.
	   Now click on "Sneak into the house". Jason gets a phone call from Janice. Janice wants Jason to come home. Go home and to the bedroom at 22:00.
	   Click on "Wait for Janice". Jason fucks Janice's ass and cums in her. Janice leaves the bedroom to take a shower. Now click on "Add sleeping pills".
	   Janice returns to the bedroom and Jason offers her a glass of water. Janice drinks the water and falls asleep.
	   Go to Billy's home and click on "Sneak into the house". Jason surprises Rachel in her bedroom. Now click on "Stay".
	   Jason fucks Rachel's pussy in different positions. Suddenly, Billy comes home and asks Rachel for something to eat.
	   Rachel goes to the bedroom door and asks him to fix himself a sandwich. Jason cannot wait any longer and fucks Rachel at the bedroom door.
	   They return to the bed and continue to fuck. Finally, click on "Cum inside" or "Cum outside". After Rachel falls asleep, click on "Search the room".
	   Now click on the books on the left side of the table. Jason gets "The Twistnite" game CD.
 753. The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Give him The Twistnite CD". Jason gives Billy the CD and Billy gives Jason "The SuperGlue".
 754. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on "Fix Kendra's shoe". Now Jason repairs Kendra's shoe.
 755. Go to the hospital and click on "Go inside". Now click on "Approach Kendra" and "Give her the fixed shoe". Jason gives Kendra the fixed shoe.
	Kendra is very happy because the shoe looks like it never broke.
 756. On weekends between 13:00 and 15:00 go to the beach. Click on "Approach Kendra". She tells Jason that she feels so stressed and tired lately. 
	Jason offers her a foot massage. Kendra agrees and Jason gives her the foot massage. Now click on "Massage legs". Kendra asks Jason to rub her legs too.
	Jason massages her legs and thighs. Now click on "Touch her butt". Jason touches Kendra's butt and then he puts his face in her ass crack.
	Kendra stops him because she does not feel comfortable at a public place. Kendra invites Jason to come to Emma's house this night.
 757. Go to Emma's house at 20:00 or later. Click on "Knock on the door". Kendra opens the door wearing her new lingerie. Kendra and Jason go to the bedroom.
	Jason fucks Kendra in different positions and cums in her pussy. Now Jason asks Kendra about the archives again. She still disagrees to let him into the archives.
 758. Go to Emma's house at 20:00 or later. Click on "Sneak to backyard" and "Use the duplicate key". Jason goes to Emma's bedroom.
	Emma wakes up and is surprised to see Jason. She asks him to stay because it is almost midnight and it is pretty dangerous on the streets at this hour.
	Jason lays down with Emma. Then she rubs Jason's cock. After Emma gives Jason a blowjob, you have 2 options:
	a) "Change color": Choose between different colors for Emma's underwear. Click on "Choose another" to choose another color for Emma's underwear.
	   Click on "Keep this one" to keep the chosen color for Emma's underwear.
	b) "Continue": Continue the scene without choosing another color for Emma's underwear.
	Now choose between "Only Panties" to let Emma remove her panties or "Everything" to let Emma remove her underwear completely.
	Then they start having sex in different positions. Suddenly, Kendra appears and catches Jason and Emma having sex. She feels betrayed and wants to leave the bedroom.
	But Jason stops Kendra and tells her that Emma wants to teach her some tricks. They go to the bed and Emma starts giving Jason a blowjob.
	Now Emma, Kendra and Jason have a steamy threesome. During the threesome choose to continue with Emma or Kendra.
	As long as you choose to continue with Kendra, the threesome repeats. When you choose to continue with Emma, Jason fucks her in different positions.
	Now he puts some lube on his cock and fucks Kendra's ass in different positions. Then choose to cum or to fuck Emma's or Kendra's pussy or ass.
	When you choose to cum, click on "Cum on their asses" or "Cum on their faces". Jason cums on Emma's and Kendra's asses or faces.
	Then he asks Emma about finding the right information in the hospital's archive. She tells him that it would be a matter of seconds.
	Finally, Emma convinces Kendra to give Jason the chance to enter the hospital's archive.
 759. Go to Emma's house at 20:00 or 22:00. Click on "Sneak to backyard" and "Use the duplicate key". Jason goes to Emma's bedroom.
	Emma wakes up and is surprised to see Jason. She asks him to stay because it is almost midnight and it is pretty dangerous on the streets at this hour.
	Jason lays down with Emma. Then she rubs Jason's cock. After Emma gives Jason a blowjob, you have 2 options:
	a) "Change color": Choose between different colors for Emma's underwear. Click on "Choose another" to choose another color for Emma's underwear.
	   Click on "Keep this one" to keep the chosen color for Emma's underwear.
	b) "Continue": Continue the scene without choosing another color for Emma's underwear.
	Now choose between "Only Panties" to let Emma remove her panties or "Everything" to let Emma remove her underwear completely.
	Then they start having sex in different positions. Suddenly, Kendra appears and asks them if there is room for one more. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Sure, come in": Jason invites Kendra to have a threesome with Emma. They go to the bed and Emma starts giving Jason a blowjob.
	   Now Emma, Kendra and Jason have a steamy threesome. During the threesome choose to cum or to continue with Emma or Kendra.
	   As long as you choose to continue with Kendra, the threesome repeats. When you choose to continue with Emma, Jason fucks her in different positions.
	   Then choose to fuck Emma's and Kendra's pussy and ass or to cum. When you choose to cum, click on "Cum on their asses" or "Cum on their faces".
	   Jason cums on Emma's and Kendra's asses or faces.
	b) "No, we're good": Jason tells Kendra that they would like to spend a night alone this time. Kendra leaves the bedroom. Emma and Jason continue having sex.
	   Now you can alternately choose to fuck Emma's ass or vagina. Finally, choose to cum inside or outside her.
 760. Go to Emma's house at 21:00. Click on "Sneak to backyard" and "Use the duplicate key". Jason goes to Emma's bedroom. Emma and Kendra are having some fun with dildos.
	Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Keep watching": Jason watches Emma and Kendra having more fun with the dildos as they fuck each other with them.
	b) "Step in": Jason comes closer and asks Emma and Kendra if he is interrupting them. Now Kendra takes Jason and throws him on the bed to start the threesome.
	   Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Ask her to use the double dildo": Emma and Jason fuck each other in their asses with the double dildo.
		b) "Don't ask": Emma and Kendra fuck each other in their asses with the double dildo.
	   Now Emma, Kendra and Jason have a steamy threesome. At the end of the threesome Kendra is exhausted and takes a rest. Now choose to fuck Emma's vagina or ass.
	   The next morning, Kendra wakes Emma and Jason up.
 761. Go to Emma's house at 21:00. Click on "Sneak to backyard" and "Use the duplicate key". Jason goes to Emma's bedroom. Emma and Kendra are having some fun with dildos.
	Now you have 3 options:
	a) "Keep watching": Jason watches Emma and Kendra having more fun with the dildos as the fuck each other with them.
	b) "Step in" and "Be polite (Get dominated)": This choice repeats step 760 b.
	c) "Step in" and "Be aggressive (dominate them)": Jason dominates Emma and Kendra. Then choose to continue with one of them.
	   Now choose "Vaginal" or "Anal" to fuck her pussy or ass. Then choose to cum or to fuck Emma's or Kendra's pussy or ass.
	   When you click on "Cum" while fucking Emma, Jason cums in her and she passes out. Then choose to fuck Kendra's pussy or ass.
	   Kendra's score increases by 10 (up to 280). The next morning, Emma wakes Kendra and Jason up.
	   When you click on "Cum" while fucking Kendra, Jason cums in her. Kendra is exhausted and takes a rest.
	   Kendra also gets exhausted after fucking her for a while. Now choose to fuck Emma's vagina or ass. The next morning, Kendra wakes Emma and Jason up.
 762. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Talk about outfits". Now click on "Daily outfits".
	From now on you can also choose "Underwear with stockings".
 763. (Billy): Make sure you have done step 675. after school, approach Billy. Click on "Swap moms for a day". Now Jason enters Billy's home and surprises Rachel.
	Click on "Be gentle" or "Be rough". Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and cums in her. Now Rachel makes Jason a sandwich. Then click on "Go home alone".
	Jason goes home and surprises Janice and Billy having sex. Then they have a steamy threesome. While Billy is fucking Janice's ass, he cums prematurely in her.
	Billy falls asleep and Jason continues to fuck Janice's pussy. Finally, Jason cums in Janice's pussy.


0.39  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:490  Kira:400  Kendra:280  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 764. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Go to the "Fetish Outfits" store. Jason finds out that the superhero costumes are sold out.
 765. Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Ask about the superhero costume".
	Adrianna goes in the studio and comes back with 2 superhero costumes, a male one and a female one. Then she asks Jason to make a naughty video.
 766. Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Give her Super hero outfit". Julia is very grateful.
	Jason asks Julia if she can take him to the party. She tells him that he also needs a costume. Jason tells Julia that he already has a costume.
 767. Jason and Julia go to Michelle's house. Kira is not yet at home. Michelle opens the door and they go into Kira's room.
	Kira calls Michelle on the phone and tells her that there was an accident on the road. The road will be closed until the morning, so she cannot come home to the party.
	Michelle has an idea. She leaves Kira's room and comes back wearing a superhero costume. They have some drinks as the party goes on. Then Julia goes to the restroom.
	Jason and Michelle start to kiss each other and they go into the bed. Julia comes back and they start to have fun together.
	Now click on "Pants only", "Costume partly" or "Whole costume" to take off Jason's costume completely or parts of it.
	Now Jason rubs his cock between Julia and Michelle. Then you have different options:
	a) "Panties", "Costume partly" or "Everything": Take off Julia's and Michelle's costumes completely or parts of them. They continue with the threesome.
	   Click on "Continue" to go on with the naughty threesome. Finally, click on "Cum inside" to cum in Julia's pussy or "Cum inside Elen" to cum in Michelle's pussy.
 	b) "Nothing, keep everything": Julia and Michelle leave their costumes on. They continue with the threesome. Then click on "Continue".
	   Now click on "Panties", "Costume partly" or "Everything" to take off Julia's and Michelle's costumes completely or parts of them. They continue with the threesome.
	   Finally, click on "Cum inside" to cum in Julia's pussy or "Cum inside Elen" to cum in Michelle's pussy.
	Michelle's score increases by 10. Jason comes up with idea to hide the spy camera in Kira's room.
 768. Make sure you have the spy camera. Go home and to Jason's room. Every 3 to 7 days Jason gets a message from Michelle when he is in his room.
	Keep going to Jason's room until you get a message from Michelle where she tells him that Steve will be out of town tonight and she might feel very lonely.
 769. Go to Michelle's house at 20:00 or later and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting naked in the pool and plays with her tits and pussy.
	Jason masturbates while Michelle rubs her pussy. Michelle notices Jason and wants him to come to her. Michelle gives Jason a blowjob and let him fuck her tits.
	Now choose between "Vaginal" and "Anal" to fuck Michelle's pussy or ass. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 770. Now click on "Look for Kira's room". Jason enters Kira's room. Click on "Hide the spycam". Jason hides the spy camera and returns to Michelle.
	She shows him her opened asshole. Jason fucks Michelle's asshole in different positions. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 771. Go home and to Jason's room. Every 3 to 7 days Jason gets a message from Michelle when he is in his room.
	Keep going to Jason's room until you get a message from Michelle where she tells him that Steve will be out of town tonight and she might feel very lonely.
 772. Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Offer to go to costume party".
 773. Jason and Julia go to Michelle's house. Michelle opens the door and they go into Kira's room to start the costume party. They have some drinks as the party goes on.
	Then Julia goes to the restroom. Jason and Michelle start to kiss each other and they go into the bed. Julia comes back and they start to have fun together.
	Now click on "Pants only" or "Costume partly" or "Whole costume" to take off Jason's costume completely or parts of it.
	Now Jason rubs his cock between Julia and Michelle. Then you have different options:
	a) "Panties", "Costume partly" or "Everything": Take off Julia's and Michelle's costumes completely or parts of them. They continue with the threesome.
	   Click on "Continue" to go on with the naughty threesome. Finally, click on "Cum inside" to cum in Julia's pussy or "Cum inside Elen" to cum in Michelle's pussy.
 	b) "Nothing, keep everything": Julia and Michelle leave their costumes on. They continue with the threesome. Then click on "Continue".
	   Now click on "Panties", "Costume partly" or "Everything" to take off Julia's and Michelle's costumes completely or parts of them. They continue with the threesome.
	   Finally, click on "Cum inside" to cum in Julia's pussy or "Cum inside Elen" to cum in Michelle's pussy.
	At the end of the scene Jason takes the USB stick to get the footage.
 774. Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Give her the footage from Kira's room".
 775. Go home and to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Adrianna. The tells him that this video was far beyond any expectations.
	She also tells him that her boss is willing to pay even more if he could shoot one more video with anal action. Jason receives $500.
 776. Make sure the spy camera is still in Kira's room. Repeat the steps 771 and 772.
 777. Jason and Julia go to Michelle's house. Michelle opens the door and they go into Kira's room to start the costume party. They have some drinks as the party goes on.
	Then Julia goes to the restroom. Jason and Michelle start to kiss each other and they go into the bed. Julia comes back and they start to have fun together.
	Now click on "Pants only" or "Costume partly" or "Whole costume" to take off Jason's costume completely or parts of it.
	Now Jason rubs his cock between Julia and Michelle. Then you have different options:
	a) "Panties", "Costume partly" or "Everything": Take off Julia's and Michelle's costumes completely or parts of them. They continue with the threesome.
	   Then click on "Ask her to turn around (Anal)". Then Jason fucks Michelle's ass in different positions.
	   Now click on "Fuck Jiolet" to fuck Julia's ass in different positions. Click on "Continue" and Jason fucks Michelle's mouth.
	   Now choose to fuck Jiolet's (Julia's) or Elen's (Michelle's) pussy or ass. Finally, click on "Cum".
 	b) "Nothing, keep everything": Julia and Michelle leave their costumes on. They continue with the threesome. Then click on "Ask her to turn around (Anal)".
	   Now click on "Panties", "Costume partly" or "Everything" to take off Julia's and Michelle's costumes completely or parts of them. They continue with the threesome.
	   Then Jason fucks Michelle's ass in different positions. Now click on "Fuck Jiolet" to fuck Julia's ass in different positions.
	   Click on "Continue" and Jason fucks Michelle's mouth. Now choose to fuck Jiolet's (Julia's) or Elen's (Michelle's) pussy or ass.
	   Click on "Continue" to have the choice of fucking Jiolet's (Julia's) or Elen's (Michelle's) pussy or ass again. Finally, click on "Cum".
	Michelle's score increases by 10 (up to 325). The first time you play this scene, Jason takes the USB stick to get the footage.
 778. Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Give her the footage from Kira's room".
 779. Go home and to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Adrianna. The tells him that her boss is so impressed that she is going to pay him twice as much.
	Jason receives $1000.
 780. To get the spy camera back, repeat the steps 724 and 725. Now click on "Look for Kira's room". Jason enters Kira's room. Click on "Pick up spycam".
	Jason takes the spy camera and returns to Michelle. She shows him her opened asshole. Jason fucks Michelle's asshole in different positions.
	Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 781. Go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Ask for the help".
	Jason tells her that he took care of the receptionist problem by convincing her to let Michelle in for a couple of minutes. Jason and Michelle go to the hospital.
	Jason introduces Michelle to Kendra. Kendra tells Michelle that she can quickly go to the archives. 5 minutes later Michelle comes back with the documents.
	She gives the documents to Jason. He is happy to finally have the answer in his hands.
 782. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on "Inspect the documents from hospital". The woman on the photo inside the documents looks familiar to Jason.
	The woman seems to be Janice.
 783. Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Show her the folder from hospital".
	Jason shows Janice the photo inside the documents. She denies that she is the woman on the photo and asks Jason to go away.
 784. Wake up at night and go to the pool at 3:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Janice in the tub by the pool having a glass of orange juice.
	Click on "Approach her" and "Chat". Janice tells Jason that she is awake because of some stupid thoughts. Janice does not want to talk about this and goes back to bed.
 785. Make sure Michelle's score is 190 or higher. Go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Ask about cocktail with alcohol".
	Jason asks Michelle if she knows which strong drink goes well with orange juice. She tells him that vodka would be the best choice.
	Jason asks Michelle if she has some vodka. She goes back into the house looking for vodka. Then she comes back with a bottle of vodka and gives the bottle to Jason.
 786. Wake up at night and go to the pool at 3:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Janice in the tub by the pool having a glass of orange juice.
	Click on "Approach her" and "Offer to improve the drink". Jason tells Janice that he might know how to brighten her mood. Jason shows Janice the bottle of vodka.
	He wants to pour a couple of drops in her orange juice for a better taste. Janice agrees and tells Jason that she will not get drunk from a couple of drops.
	Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Pour just a little": Jason pours some vodka in Janice's orange juice. She drinks the whole glass. Now Jason asks her what is on her mind.
	   She tells Jason that she worries about him because soon he will finish the school and leave her. Jason promises Janice to never leave her.
	   He tells her that she is the hottest woman he knows. They start to have fun together. When Julia's score is 400 or higher, she appears at the pool.
	   Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Ask her to join": Jason asks Julia to join them. Janice, Julia and Jason have a steamy threesome. During the scene you have different options.
		   You can choose to fuck Julia and Janice repeatedly and cum in Janice's or Julia's pussy or ass. There is also the possibility to play a watersports scene.
		   Make sure you have done the watersports in the bathroom with Janice (step 51 a b). Click on "Fuck Julia". Jason fucks Julia in different positions.
		   Then Janice needs to go to the restroom. Now click on "Ask her if she is coming back" to avoid the watersports scene.
		   Click on "Ask her to pee here" to start the watersports scene. Janice pees on Julia and Jason while they fuck each other.
		   When Janice gets out of the pool Jason stops her and sticks his cock in her asshole. Now Jason pees in Janice's asshole.
		   Then Janice and Jason go back to the pool and Janice squirts Jason's pee out of her asshole on Julia's face. Janice licks Jason's pee off Julia's face.
		   Finally, Jason cums on Janice's and Julia's faces.
		b) "Tell her to go away": Julia goes back to bed. Then Janice and Jason continue to have fun together. Now choose to fuck her pussy or ass.
		   Then you can switch to fuck her pussy and ass repeatedly. Finally, click on "Cum" to cum in Janice.
	b) "Fill the glass full": Jason fills Janice's glass full of vodka. Jason tells her that it will taste better. She drinks the whole glass.
	   Now Jason asks her what is on her mind. She tells Jason that she worries about him because soon he will finish the school and leave her.
	   Jason promises Janice to never leave her. He tells her that she is the hottest woman he knows. They start to have fun together.
	   When Julia's score is 400 or higher, she appears at the pool. Now you have 2 options:
		a) "Ask her to join": Jason asks Julia to join them. Janice, Julia and Jason have a steamy threesome. During the scene you have different options.
		   You can choose to fuck Julia and Janice repeatedly and cum in Janice's or Julia's pussy or ass. There is the possibility to play a watersports scene.
		   Make sure you have done the watersports in the bathroom with Janice (step 51 a b). Click on "Fuck Julia". Jason fucks Julia in different positions.
		   Then Janice needs to go to the restroom. Now click on "Ask her if she coming back" to avoid the watersports scene.
		   Click on "Ask her to pee here" to start the watersports scene. Janice pees on Julia and Jason while they fuck each other.
		   When Janice gets out of the pool Jason stops her and sticks his cock in her asshole. Now Jason pees in Janice's asshole.
		   Then Janice and Jason go back to the pool and Janice squirts Jason's pee out of her asshole on Julia's face. Janice licks Jason's pee off Julia's face.
		   Finally, Jason cums on Janice's and Julia's faces.
		b) "Tell her to go away": (It is absolutely necessary to choose this to continue the main story line.) Julia goes back to bed.
		   Then Janice and Jason continue to have fun together. Now choose to fuck her pussy or ass. Then you can switch to fuck her pussy and ass repeatedly.
		   Finally, click on "Cum" to cum in Janice. Later that night Jason fucks Janice in her bed and cums in her pussy.
		   Then Jason asks Janice why her picture is in that file, if she has not given birth to him.
		   Janice tells Jason the story how she found him left at the beach on the pier as a baby. Jason thinks that the story does not sound very convincing.


0.40  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:490  Kira:400  Kendra:280  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 787. Go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Talk about Janice's story".
	Jason asks Danielle about the party a long time ago where she and Janice were having a quarrel.
	Danielle starts to talk about the hot summer night where she and Janice went to a pool party. Now click on "Use imagination".
	Jason imagines how hot Janice and Danielle looked in the past and how they had sex together. Then Danielle interrupts Jason's imagination.
	Now Jason asks her about the reason for the quarrel. Danielle tells him that she caught Janice fucking her boyfriend and 3 other guys.
	Now click on "Use imagination" again. Jason imagines how the 4 dudes drilled every hole of Janice. Danielle interrupts Jason's imagination again.
	Now Jason asks her what happened next. Danielle tells him that Janice drove with one of the guys to his villa outside town.
	Now Jason knows that the story Janice told him earlier (step 786 b b) was a complete fake.
 788. From now on, when Jason goes to sleep, there are 2 new dream scenes:
	a) Click on "Dreams" and "Dream about young Danielle and Janice": Jason dreams about young Danielle and Janice.
	   Choose between "Janice's pussy", "Janice's ass", "Danielle's pussy" and "Danielle's ass" to fuck them.
	   After the fourth choice the scene ends with Jason cumming while they rub his cock between their pussies.
	b) Click on "Dreams" and "Dream about Janice and 4 guys": Jason dreams about the 4 dudes drilling every hole of Janice.
 789. Go home and to Jason's room. He is puzzled what to do now and has no idea to make Janice tell him the truth. Jason says that he should go for a walk to clear his head.
 790. Go to the park. Jason sits on the bench thinking about what to do. Suddenly, Kendra comes by and Jason tells her that his investigation has stuck.
	Jason also tells her that Janice faked the whole thing, the story Janice told him is not true either and he does not even know if Janice is his real mother.
	Kendra comes up with the idea of doing a DNA test. She tells Jason that he could try to ask Emma because she worked for a long time at the hospital.
 791. Go to Emma's house until 19:00 and knock on the door. Click on "Ask about DNA test". Jason tells Emma that he wants to compare his DNA with Janice's.
	He asks Emma where he could do the test. Emma tells him that Kelly used to work in a lab before and Jason should try to talk to her.
 792. Go to the pharmacy shop until 16:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Ask about DNA test".
	Jason tells Kelly that Emma told him she can help him to do a DNA test. Kelly tells Jason that she can do the test.
	The cost will be $20000, but Kelly offers Jason a much cheaper way to do the DNA test. Kelly wants to have some private time with Janice.
	Kelly tells Jason that Emma told her about the training sessions with Janice, her huge amazing tits and her perfect mature body.
	She asks Jason to arrange some private time with Janice, then the cost will be only $1000.
 793. Go to Emma's house until 19:00 and knock on the door. Click on "Talk about Kelly". Jason asks Emma why she told Kelly about the training sessions with Janice.
	She says that they were drinking cocktails and having a good time, so the words accidentally slipped out of her mouth.
	Jason tells Emma that Kelly also wants to fuck Janice and he has to arrange this. Now Emma has an idea. Her birthday is coming up.
	She will invite Kelly and Janice to her house, so they can have some private time. Emma will call Janice to invite her over.
	Jason will go to Kelly to tell her about the plan.
 794. Go to the pharmacy shop until 16:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Tell her about Emma's idea".
	Jason tells Kelly that Emma's birthday is coming soon and she is going to celebrate it with her and Janice, so she has her chance for some private time with Janice.
	Kelly says that she will take care of the rest.
 795. Go home and to the living room. Janice is getting ready to go to Emma's birthday party. Now choose between 5 different hair styles for Janice.
	Click on "Choose another one" to choose another hair style for Janice or click on "Keep this one" to keep the chosen hair style and to go to Emma's living room.
 796. Later that evening Janice, Jason and Emma are in Emma's living room drinking coffee. Moments later Kelly arrives and introduces herself to Janice.
	Kelly compliments Janice on her great looks. Kelly brought along a bottle of liqueur and pours some of it in Janice's and her coffee. They drink the spiced-up coffee.
	Now Emma asks Jason to help her in the kitchen. As they return to the living room, Janice and Kelly are not there anymore. Emma thinks she knows where they might be.
	Emma and Jason go to the bedroom. They find Janice and Kelly laying in Emma's bed kissing each other. Janice invites Emma and Jason to join her and Kelly.
	They start having a steamy foursome. Then Kendra surprises them and joins the foursome. Suddenly, Janice starts to suck on Kendra's fake cock.
	Jason asks Kelly what she gave Janice because she is not acting like herself. Kelly tells Jason that she put 10 or 11 pills of Vitamine X into the liqueur bottle.
	Emma tells Jason to relax and enjoy the evening. Now the orgy starts and during this you can choose to fuck Kelly's and Emma's pussies or asses.
	Then Jason fucks Kendra's ass and pussy as the orgy continues. Now choose to fuck Janice's pussy or ass.
	Then Kelly whispers to Jason to make sure to cum in Janice's pussy to help her with the DNA test. Finally, Jason cums in Janice's pussy.
	Kelly eats the cum out of Janice's pussy and secretly pours it into a receptacle as she walks out of Emma's bedroom.
	Janice tells Emma that this was the best end of day she ever had and they should gather like this more often.
 797. Go to the pharmacy shop until 16:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Ask her about evening at Emma's house".
	Now Jason asks Kelly why she left Emma's bedroom without explaining him anything.
	Kelly tells Jason that there was DNA from him and Janice when he came inside Janice's pussy.
	That way, she could take samples needed for the DNA test, without Janice becoming suspicious. Kelly also tells Jason that he can expect the results in one week.
 798. To repeat the orgy in Emma bedroom (step 796), go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Repeat the Emma's birthday orgy".
	Janice is getting ready to go to Emma's birthday party. Now choose between 5 different hair styles for Janice.
	Click on "Choose another one" to choose another hair style for Janice or click on "Keep this one" to keep the chosen hair style and to go to Emma's living room.
 799. Later that evening Janice, Jason and Emma are in Emma's living room drinking coffee. Moments later Kelly arrives and tells Janice that it is nice to see her again.
	Janice asks Kelly if she has brought that delicious liqueur. Kelly tells her that she has because she knows how much Janice likes it.
	Kelly pours some of it in Janice's and her coffee. They drink the spiced-up coffee. Now Jason suggests to move the little party to the bedroom.
	Now choose between "Latex leggings and gloves", "Latex suit", "Lingerie" or "Nude" to start the foursome. Then Kendra surprises them and joins the foursome.
	Suddenly, Janice starts to suck on Kendra's fake cock. Jason asks Kelly what she gave Janice because she is not acting like herself.
	Kelly tells Jason that she put 10 or 11 pills of Vitamine X into the liqueur bottle. Emma tells Jason to relax and enjoy the evening.
	Now the orgy starts and during this you can choose to fuck Kelly's and Emma's pussies or asses. Then Jason fucks Kendra's ass and pussy as the orgy continues.
	Now choose to fuck Janice's pussy or ass. The scene ends with Jason cumming on Kelly's and Kendra's faces and then on Janice's and Emma's faces.
	Janice tells Emma that this was the best end of day she ever had and they should gather like this more often.
 800. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Daily clothes".
	From now on you can also choose "Lace corset" and "Stockings with garter belt" (within "Lingerie").
	You can also choose "Latex stockings and gloves" and "Latex suit Cutout" (within "Latex outfits").
 801. At least 7 days later go to the pharmacy shop until 16:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Ask her about DNA test".
	Jason is excited to receive the results. Click on "Pay $1000" to receive the DNA results from Kelly.
 802. (Spoiler): Go home and to Jason's room. Jason reads the document about the DNA result. It says that Janice and Jason are not relatives.
	Jason asks himself why Janice is not telling the truth. Jason says that he has to face Janice with the facts and has to force her to tell him the truth.
 803. (Spoiler): Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "force her to tell the truth".
	Jason tells Janice that Danielle told him what happened that night and it was completely different from what she told him.
	He also tells Janice that he has DNA test results. Jason shows Janice the DNA results and tells her that she clearly is not related to him.
	Now Janice tells Jason the whole true story. After the party, Janice did not go to the beach. She got caught by Danielle having sex with 4 guys.
	Danielle got furious because one of the guys was her boyfriend so Janice had to leave.
	One of the guys offered Janice to go to his villa outside town and continue partying there. She agreed without thinking.
	After the sex, Janice realized what she did, so she ran away from that villa. Janice just walked and cried. She did not know where she was.
	Suddenly, Janice noticed a gas station in the distance. There she saw a cab and she thought that this is her way home.
	As she ran towards the cab, approaching the gas station, Janice saw a car with a woman and her baby. The woman tried to calm down her baby.
	The baby cried louder and louder, the woman was angry and she shouted at and cursed the baby. Janice thought that she would be a much better mother to him.
	The woman left the baby on the back seat of the car and went to the store inside the gas station. The baby was still crying.
	But as Janice came closer to the car, the baby stopped crying and smiled at her. Janice thought of this as a sign that this baby is meant to be with her.
	She grabbed the baby and ran to the cab. During the whole ride home the baby was calm, smiling and laughing. Janice felt like the baby was her own.
	Jason asks how his real mother looked like. Janice tells him that it was dark, but she could see that she had a nice curvy body.
	Now Jason asks if Janice remembers details like what kind of hair and face she had. Janice tells him that she had dark long hair.
	She also tells him that she was wearing glasses and had a pretty face. Jason imagines how his real mother looked like.
	He asks Janice why she has not told him this earlier. She tells Jason that she abducted the baby and this is a very serious crime, so she was scared. 
	She was afraid that Jason would consider her a criminal and hate her. Janice starts to cry and goes into the bedroom. Jason follows her.
 804. (Spoiler): Janice and Jason sit on the bed. She tells Jason that she knows what a terrible person she is.
	Jason tells her that this is not true and he does not hate her. He says that she had done the right thing because his real mother was clearly terrible.
	Jason tells Janice that he loves her even more, now that he knows that she saved him from that monster and gave him the best life he could ever ask for.
	Janice and Jason kiss each other passionately and she tells him that he definitely knows how to turn her on.
	Janice tells Jason that she is so happy that she does not have to hide anything from him anymore as Jason sucks on her nipple.
	He says to Janice that even though they are not related, she has been better than any other mother in the world. Then Jason licks Janice's pussy.
	After Janice strokes Jason's cock, she gives him a blowjob. Now Jason licks Janice's pussy and asshole. Then he sticks his tongue inside Janice's asshole.
	She tells Jason how good his tongue feels deep inside her asshole. Now Jason rubs his cock on Janice's pussy lips.
	Janice tells him that he can put it in anytime he wants and in any hole he wants. Now choose to fuck Janice's pussy or ass.
	After Jason fucked her pussy or ass, he cums in Janice and tells her that he is happy to finally know the truth and that there are no more secrets between them.
	Janice says that he must promise her to keep it a secret and no one must know what she did. Jason promises Janice to keep it a secret.
	Jason tells her that no one will take her away from him and that this will be their little secret.
 805. To repeat the sex scene in the bedroom with Janice (step 804), go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Have sex" and "in bedroom".


0.41  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:490  Kira:410  Kendra:280  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 806. After school go inside the school. Enter the classroom. When Jason finds Rebecca at her desk busy with papers, click on "Talk" and "Ask about homework".
	Rebecca helps Jason with his homework.
 807. Make sure you have done step 6. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and leaves the room.
 808. The next day after school go inside the school. Enter the classroom. When Jason finds Rebecca at her desk busy with papers, click on "Talk" and "Ask about homework".
	Rebecca helps Jason with his homework. She tells him that she has noticed that he showed more interest in math lately.
 809. Make sure you have done step 12 a. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Then Janice leaves Jason's room.
 810. The next day after school go inside the school. Enter the classroom. When Jason finds Rebecca at her desk busy with papers, click on "Talk" and "Ask about homework".
	Rebecca helps Jason with his homework by explaining him math at the chalkboard.
 811. Make sure you have done step 15 a. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Now click on "Drop the pen". Jason drops his pen and Janice picks it up. Jason looks at Janice's ass. Then Janice leaves Jason's room.
 812. The next day after school go inside the school. Enter the classroom. When Jason finds Rebecca at her desk busy with papers, click on "Talk" and "Ask about homework".
	Rebecca helps Jason with his homework by explaining him math at the chalkboard. She tells Jason that she is glad to have students like him showing interest in math.
 813. Make sure Janice's score is 50 or higher. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Now click on "Rest on her lap". Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap. After he wakes up, Janice leaves Jason's room.
 814. The next day after school go inside the school. Enter the classroom. When Jason finds Rebecca at her desk busy with papers, click on "Talk" and "Ask about homework".
	Rebecca helps Jason with his homework by explaining him math at the chalkboard. Now Jason does his homework all by himself.
	Rebecca tells him that now he should not have any problems with his homework.
 815. Make sure Janice's score is 60 or higher. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Now click on "Rest on her lap". Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap. She notices a bulge in Jason's pants. After he wakes up, Janice leaves Jason's room.
 816. Make sure you have done the steps 425 and 815. The next day after school, Kira approaches Jason and asks him for help with her homework.
	Jason says that they could figure out something. Kira gives Jason her homework and goes away.
 817. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the piece of paper on Jason's desk. Jason does Kira's homework.
 818. Make sure Janice's score is 80 or higher. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Now click on "Rest on her lap". Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap. She notices a bulge in Jason's pants and touches it.
	Jason wakes up and notices Janice's hand on his crotch. Jason tells her that he does not mind. Then Janice leaves Jason's room.
 819. Go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Give back her finished homework". Jason gives Kira her homework.
	He asks her if the next time they could do the homework together. Kira tells Jason that she has other things to do and thanks him for the help.
	Kira's score increases by 10.
 820. Make sure you have done step 13. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Now click on "Rest on her lap". Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap. She notices a bulge in Jason's pants and touches it.
	Jason wakes up and notices Janice's hand on his crotch. Jason pulls out his cock and tells Janice to feel it in her hand. Now Janice gives Jason a handjob.
	Jason cums all over Janice's face and tells her that he feels so much better now. Then Janice leaves Jason's room.
 821. The next day after school, Rebecca asks Jason why his grades are getting worse and worse. Jason tells Rebecca that he lost interest in math.
	Rebecca offers Jason her help to increase his motivation if he keeps working on his homework.
 822. Make sure you have done step 28. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Now click on "Rest on her lap". Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap. She notices a bulge in Jason's pants and touches it.
	Jason wakes up and notices Janice's hand on his crotch. Jason pulls out his cock and tells Janice to feel it in her hand. Now Janice gives Jason a handjob.
	Jason asks Janice to take off her top. Then he sucks on one of her breasts while Janice continues to give Jason a handjob.
	Jason cums and tells Janice that he feels so much better now. Then Janice leaves Jason's room.
 823. The next day after school, Rebecca tells Jason that she noticed he put a bit more effort in his homework this time.
	Then Rebecca asks Jason if he is ready for today's lesson. Rebecca takes off her jacket and blouse. Now she starts explaining Jason math at the chalkboard.
	After the lesson, she asks Jason what he thinks of today's lesson. He tells Rebecca that he feels much more motivated to work harder.
	Finally, Rebecca tells Jason to work on his homework and she will work on his motivation.
 824. Make sure Janice's score is 120 or higher. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Now click on "Rest on her lap". Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap. She notices a bulge in Jason's pants and touches it.
	Jason wakes up and notices Janice's hand on his crotch. Jason pulls out his cock and tells Janice to feel it in her hand. Now Janice gives Jason a handjob.
	Jason asks Janice to take off her top. Then he sucks on one of her breasts while Janice continues to give Jason a handjob.
	Now Jason asks Janice to use her mouth instead of her hand. Janice gives Jason a blowjob and he cums in her mouth. Then Janice leaves Jason's room.
 825. The next day after school, Rebecca tells Jason that she can definitely see the progress in his homework.
	Then Rebecca asks Jason if they shall begin their today's motivational lesson. Rebecca takes off her jacket and blouse.
	Now she starts explaining Jason math at the chalkboard. Then Rebecca takes off her skirt and continues the lesson.
	After the lesson, she asks Jason what he thinks of today's lesson. He tells Rebecca that it is even better than the last one.
	Finally, Rebecca kisses Jason and tells him to keep working on his homework.
 826. Go outside the school. Kira approaches Jason and asks him for help with her homework. Jason says that he is not going to do it for her.
	Kira tells him that she is so bad at math. Now Jason agrees to help Kira. They go to Jason's room and he helps Kira with her homework.
	Then Kira tells Jason that she hopes they could do homework together sometime again. Jason agrees and Kira leaves Jason's room.
 827. Make sure you have done step 41. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears.
	She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously.
	Now click on "Rest on her lap". Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap. She notices a bulge in Jason's pants and touches it.
	Jason wakes up and notices Janice's hand on his crotch. Jason pulls out his cock and tells Janice to feel it in her hand. Now Janice gives Jason a handjob.
	Jason asks Janice to take off her top. Then he sucks on one of her breasts while Janice continues to give Jason a handjob.
	Now Jason asks Janice to use her mouth instead of her hand. Janice gives Jason a blowjob. Then Jason asks Janice to take off her pants.
	Janice takes off her pants and Jason licks Janice's asshole. Then Janice climbs on top of Jason and gives him a handjob while he licks her pussy.
	Now Janice puts Jason's cock between her tits to fuck them. Then Janice gives Jason a blowjob while he licks her asshole and pussy.
	Now Jason sticks 2 fingers inside Janice's pussy. Then Jason rubs his cock on Janice's pussy and finally he cums on her pussy.
 828. The next day after school, Rebecca tells Jason that she can definitely see the progress in his homework.
	Then Rebecca asks Jason if they shall begin their today's motivational lesson. Rebecca takes off her jacket and blouse.
	Now she starts explaining Jason math at the chalkboard. Then Rebecca takes off her skirt and continues the lesson.
	After the lesson, she asks Jason what he thinks of today's lesson. He tells Rebecca that he liked it a lot.
	Then Rebecca rubs her feet on Jason's crotch and says that she can tell that he definitely liked the lesson.
 829. Go outside the school. Kira approaches Jason and asks him for help with her homework again. They go to Jason's room and he helps Kira with her homework.
	Meanwhile Jason caresses Kira's back. Then Kira tells Jason that she hopes they could do homework together sometime again. Jason agrees and Kira leaves Jason's room.
 830. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. There is a chance that Janice appears. She is sorry for interrupting Jason.
	Janice sits down next to Jason on his bed. Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously. Now click on "Rest on her lap".
	Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap. She notices a bulge in Jason's pants and touches it. Jason wakes up and notices Janice's hand on his crotch.
	Jason pulls out his cock and tells Janice to feel it in her hand. Now Janice gives Jason a handjob. Jason asks Janice to take off her top.
	Then he sucks on one of her breasts while Janice continues to give Jason a handjob. Now Jason asks Janice to use her mouth instead of her hand.
	Janice gives Jason a blowjob. Then Jason asks Janice to take off her pants. Janice takes off her pants and Jason licks Janice's asshole.
	Then Janice climbs on top of Jason and gives him a handjob while he licks her pussy. Now Janice puts Jason's cock between her tits to fuck them.
	Then Janice gives Jason a blowjob while he licks her asshole and pussy. Now Jason sticks 2 fingers inside Janice's pussy.
	Then he rubs his cock on Janice's pussy and sticks the tip of his cock inside her pussy. Janice asks Jason to pull his cock out of her pussy.
	Finally, Jason pulls his cock out of Janice's pussy and cums on her.
 831. The next day after school, Rebecca tells Jason that she can definitely see the progress in his homework.
	Then Rebecca asks Jason if they shall begin their today's motivational lesson. Rebecca takes off her jacket and blouse.
	Now she starts explaining Jason math at the chalkboard. Then Rebecca takes off her skirt and continues the lesson.
	After the lesson, she asks Jason what he thinks of today's lesson. He tells Rebecca that it was great as always, but is more curious about the last part of the lesson.
	Then Rebecca rubs her feet on Jason's crotch. She asks Jason to show her what is hidden down there. Jason pulls out his cock and Rebecca gives him a footjob.
	Finally, Jason cums.
 832. Make sure you have condoms and Janice's score is 300 or higher. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework.
	There is a chance that Janice appears. She is sorry for interrupting Jason and sits down next to Jason on his bed.
	Janice tells him that she is glad to see him taking his studies seriously. Now click on "Rest on her lap". Jason falls asleep on Janice's lap.
	She notices a bulge in Jason's pants and touches it. Jason wakes up and notices Janice's hand on his crotch.
	Jason pulls out his cock and tells Janice to feel it in her hand. Now Janice gives Jason a handjob. Jason asks Janice to take off her top.
	Then he sucks on one of her breasts while Janice continues to give Jason a handjob. Now Jason asks Janice to use her mouth instead of her hand.
	Janice gives Jason a blowjob. Then Jason asks Janice to take off her pants. Janice takes off her pants and Jason licks Janice's asshole.
	Then Janice climbs on top of Jason and gives him a handjob while he licks her pussy. Now Janice puts Jason's cock between her tits to fuck them.
	Then Janice gives Jason a blowjob while he licks her asshole and pussy. Now Jason sticks 2 fingers inside Janice's pussy. Then he rubs his cock on Janice's pussy.
	Now click on "Put on condom" or "Stick it in" and Jason fucks Janice's pussy with or without a condom. Finally, you have 2 options:
	a) "Cum inside": Jason cums in Janice's pussy.
	b) "Pull out": Jason cums on Janice's tits.
 833. The next day after school, Rebecca tells Jason that she can definitely see the progress in his homework.
	Then Rebecca asks Jason if they shall begin their today's motivational lesson. Rebecca takes off her jacket and blouse.
	Now she starts explaining Jason math at the chalkboard. Then Rebecca takes off her skirt and continues the lesson.
	Now she asks Jason to stand up and sits down on Jason's chair. Then she asks him to take off his clothes and to sit on her.
	Now Rebecca gives Jason a handjob and finally he cums on the desk.
 834. Go outside the school. Kira approaches Jason and asks him for help with her homework again. They go to Jason's room and he helps Kira with her homework.
	Meanwhile Jason caresses Kira's back. Then Kira kisses Jason's cheek and tells him that she hopes they could do homework together sometime again.
	Jason agrees and Kira leaves Jason's room.
 835. Repeat step 832.
 836. The next day after school, Rebecca tells Jason that she can definitely see the progress in his homework.
	Then Rebecca asks Jason if they shall begin their today's motivational lesson. Rebecca takes off her jacket and blouse.
	Now she starts explaining Jason math at the chalkboard. Then Rebecca takes off her skirt and continues the lesson.
	Now she asks Jason to stand up and take off his clothes. Then Rebecca asks Jason to sit down on the desk.
	Now Rebecca gives Jason a blowjob and finally he cums in her mouth.
 837. At least 3 days later after school, Kira approaches Jason and asks him for help with her homework. They go to Jason's room and he helps Kira with her homework.
	Meanwhile Jason caresses Kira's back. Now click on "Touch her butt" and Jason caresses Kira's ass.
	Then Kira kisses Jason's cheek and tells him that she hopes they could do homework together sometime again. Jason agrees and Kira leaves Jason's room.
 838. At least 3 days later after school, Kira approaches Jason and asks him for help with her homework. They go to Jason's room and he helps Kira with her homework.
	Meanwhile Jason caresses Kira's back. Now click on "Touch her pussy" and Jason caresses Kira's pussy. Now Kira asks Jason to give her a back massage.
	Jason gets behind Kira and gives her a neck rub. Then Kira tells Jason that she finished the last task and she hopes they could do homework together sometime again.
	Jason agrees and Kira leaves Jason's room.
 839. At least 3 days later after school, Kira approaches Jason and asks him for help with her homework. They go to Jason's room and he helps Kira with her homework.
	Meanwhile Jason caresses Kira's back. Now click on "Touch her pussy" and Jason caresses Kira's pussy. Now Kira asks Jason to give her a back massage.
	Jason gets behind Kira and gives her a neck rub. Then Kira rubs her ass on Jason's crotch and kisses him.
	Kira thanks Jason for his help and tells him that she finally can do her homework by herself.
 840. At least 5 days later go home and to Jason's room. (On weekends this happens automatically.) Janice and Kira come into Jason's room.
	Kira tells Janice that she was just passing by and thought they could do homework together. Janice leaves Jason's room. Jason and Kira lay on Jason's bed.
	He caresses Kira's ass and she tells him that she does not came to him for homework. Janice comes back and asks them if they would like some tea or coffee.
	Kira tells Janice that they just finished their homework and leaves. Now Janice asks Jason what the hell this was and who this little slut is.
	He tells her that Kira is just his classmate and that he was helping her with the homework. Janice does not believe Jason and leaves his room.
 841. Make sure Janice's score is 300 or higher. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework. Now Janice appears looking like Kira.
	She asks Jason if he could help her with her homework. Janice sits down on Jason's bed asking him to teach this dummy schoolgirl math.
	They start to kiss each other and Jason gets naked showing Janice his hard cock. Now Janice gives Jason a blowjob.
	Then click on "Vaginal" and Jason fucks Janice's pussy in different positions. Jason cums in Janice's pussy and she asks him if he tried to fuck that girl.
	Then she says that she was not mad because of her, but because Jason did not tell her. Finally, Janice gives Jason the permission to fuck Kira.
 842. Make sure Janice's score is 300 or higher. The next day go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework.
	Now Janice appears looking like Kira. She asks Jason if he could help her with her homework. Click on "Agree".
	Janice sits down on Jason's bed asking him to teach this dummy schoolgirl math. They start to kiss each other and Jason gets naked showing Janice his hard cock.
	Now Janice gives Jason a blowjob. Then click on "Anal". Jason pulls the butt plug out of Janice's ass and licks her asshole.
	Then Jason fucks Janice's ass in different positions and finally cums in her ass.
 843. If the time is before 15:00, Janice appears in Jason's room and sits down on his bed. (Otherwise, the next day go home and to Jason's room until 14:00.)
	Janice tells him that she got a call from his math teacher and that she wants to talk to Janice about Jason's grades.
	Jason says to Janice that it is all her fault because every time he tries to study she appears in all those sexy outfits.
	Janice tells Jason that she now has to go to school and listen to those boring lectures of Jason's teacher. Jason decides to make this meeting less boring.
 844. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Daily clothes". From now on you can also choose "Sporty outfit".
 845. Go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Ask for kinky ideas".
	Danielle tells Jason that during one of her webcam shows she was asked to go to a restaurant with a vibro egg inside her.
	She also tells him that the vibro egg was remote-controlled by the guy who requested this.
 846. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Search for Vibro egg". Then click on "Buy" to buy the vibro egg for $200.
 847. At least 3 days after step 841, go home and to Jason's room. (On weekends this happens automatically.) Janice and Kira come into Jason's room.
	Kira tells Janice that she was just passing by and thought they could do homework together. Janice leaves Jason's room. Jason and Kira lay on Jason's bed.
	He caresses Kira's ass and she tells him that she does not came to him for homework. They start to kiss each other. Then Kira gives Jason a blowjob.
	Now Kira sticks Jason's cock inside her pussy and they fuck in different positions. Finally, Jason cums in Kira's pussy.
 848. To repeat the scene in Jason's room (step 847), go to Jason's room and click on "Invite Kira".
 849. Go to the living room until 15:00 and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Ask about meeting with Rebecca".
	Janice tells Jason that she was about to go. Jason says that he also wants to go to the meeting. Then he shows Janice the vibro egg and asks her to put it in.
	Janice and Jason go to the school to meet Rebecca. Rebecca tells Jason to wait outside the classroom because she wants to talk to Janice.
	Rebecca starts to tell Janice about her concerns about Jason's grades. Now Jason starts to control the vibro egg inside Janice's pussy.
	She can hardly withhold her moans while Jason increases the intensity of the vibro egg. As the conversation ends, Rebecca wonders why Janice is acting so strangely.
	Janice goes to Jason and drags him to the toilet. She raises her skirt and asks Jason to take the vibro egg out and fuck her.
	Jason pulls the vibro egg out of Janice's pussy and fucks her in different positions. Finally, he cums in her pussy.
	When Janice's score is lower than 400, it increases by 10.
 850. To repeat the scene in the school (step 849), go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "remind the meeting with Rebecca".
 851. Make sure you have done the steps 621 and 849. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. Now Jason has a dream of Janice and Rachel looking like demonesses.
	They want to take good care of Jason in the bed. He becomes scared of them and wakes up.
 852. Make sure you have done step 850. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on the book on Jason's desk to do his homework.
	Now Janice appears naked having one of 4 different hairstyles in blonde or black. She asks Jason if he could help her with her homework. Click on "Agree".
	Janice sits down on Jason's bed asking him to teach this dummy schoolgirl math. They start to kiss each other and Jason gets naked showing Janice his hard cock.
	Then Janice gives Jason a blowjob. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Anal": Jason pulls the butt plug out of Janice's ass and licks her asshole. Then Jason fucks Janice's ass in different positions and finally cums in her ass.
	b) "Vaginal": Jason fucks Janice's pussy in different positions and finally cums in her pussy.


0.42  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 853. (Billy): The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Talk about BJ" and "Agree". Jason receives $100 from Billy. Go home and to the pool.
	Catch Janice at the pool laying on the lounger. Click on "Come closer" and "Happy to!". Continue the scene and after Janice gives Jason a handjob, click on "Continue".
	Jason tells Janice that they have some guests today. Billy appears and Janice is happy that he came by. She starts to give Jason and Billy a handjob.
	Then she gives Billy a blowjob. Now you can switch to Jason and Billy repeatedly. Click on "Continue" and Janice gets naked.
	She tells Jason and Billy to have some real fun. Then they start having sex in different positions. Finally, Billy cums in Janice's ass and Jason cums in her pussy.
 854. Make sure Danielle's score is 400 or higher. Go to Danielle's house at 21:00 and knock at the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Danielle starts the webcam show.
	Click on "Don't offer anything". There is a 70 % chance to get the scene where Danielle shows 2 big dildos and says to have some fun with toys today.
	Danielle and Jason do the webcam show together. Danielle sticks a dildo in her pussy while Jason fucks her ass. Then Jason cums in Danielle's ass.
	Jason gets half of the money they did on the webcam show. Danielle offers Jason to stay for the night. Jason gets a phone call from Janice. Click on "Go home".
 855. Go to Danielle's house at 21:00 and knock at the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Danielle starts the webcam show. Click on "Don't offer anything".
	There is a 70 % chance to get the scene where Danielle shows 2 big dildos and says to have fun with toys today. Danielle and Jason do the webcam show together.
	Danielle sticks a dildo in her pussy while Jason fucks her ass. Then Danielle asks Jason to try the other dildo. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Agree": Danielle sticks the dildo in Jason's ass. Jason continues to fuck Danielle's ass and cums in her. Jason gets half of the money they did on the webcam show.
	b) "Disagree": Jason sticks the dildo in Danielle's ass. Then he fucks Danielle's pussy and cums in her. Jason gets half of the money they did on the webcam show.
	   Danielle offers Jason to stay for the night. Jason gets a phone call from Janice. Click on "Go home".
 856. Make sure you have done the steps 854 and 855 and Danielle's score is 400 or higher. The next day after school, Danielle talks to Jason.
	She tells him that her viewers requested one more girl in her show. Danielle asks Jason if he knows someone who would want to join them.
	Jason tells Danielle that he knows some girls who might be interested, but needs to talk to them first.
 857. Go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Offer her to join the camshow".
	Jason asks Kira if she would like to try herself in live streaming. Kira tells Jason that she is not interested.
 858. Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Offer to join the Danielle's camshow".
	Jason asks Julia if she would like to try herself in live streaming. Julia tells Jason that it does not really interest her.
 859. Go to Billy's home. Rachel is watering the flowers. Click on "Approach her". Jason asks Rachel if something is bothering her because she does not seem to be fine.
	She tells him that her husband was demoted at his work and his salary was cut twice. She wonders how they are going to pay Billy's college for the next year.
	Danielle comes by and Jason introduces them to each other. Danielle tells them that she is heading for work and is already late.
	Danielle leaves and Jason tells Rachel that he knows a really well-paid job for her.
 860. Now the webcam show starts and Danielle tells the users that Jason is bringing a girl tonight. Rachel and Jason enter the room.
	Danielle tells Jason that he surprised her because Rachel is not quite the girl she imagined. Now Rachel gets on top of Jason.
	Danielle puts Jason's cock in Rachel's pussy and sticks 2 fingers in Rachel's ass. The webcam show continues with different kinds of naughty sex.
	Finally, Jason cums on Danielle's and Rachel's faces. Danielle's score increases by 10 (up to 500). When Rachel's score is lower than 400, it increases by 10.
	Danielle tells Rachel that her cut is around $500. She also tells Rachel that if she would get some tan or some kind of tattoo, they would make even more.
 861. Make sure you have done the steps 777 to 779 and 860. Go home and to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Adrianna about a new job offer.
	The studio is looking for actors for a new movie. Jason asks himself who he could pick for the role. Now Janice comes in and asks Jason if he has seen her blue pants.
	Jason tells her that he has not seen her pants. Janice decides to buy new ones and is unhappy about the additional expenses.
	She leaves Jason's room and he says that he might just found the perfect actor for the role. This storyline continues with step 879.
 862. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. Jason has another dream of Janice and Rachel looking like demonesses. They want to take good care of Jason in the bed.
	They start to have fun with Jason. Rachel uses her magic on Jason's cock and it grows massively. Now Janice slides Jason's cock in her pussy and fucks him.
	Rachel gets jealous of Janice and has a catfight with her. Now Jason takes over and fucks Janice's and Rachel's pussies and asses in different positions.
	Then Jason fucks Janice's ass while Rachel rubs her pussy and ass on Jason's face. Finally, he cums in Janice's ass and wakes up.
 863. From now on, when Jason goes to sleep, click on "Dreams" and "The Nightmare" to repeat step 862.
 864. Make sure you have done the steps 758 (sex with Kendra), 851 and 862 (both nightmares). Go to sleep in Jason's bed. Now make sure the next day is a weekday.
	Jason wakes up early in the morning and realizes he totally forgot that today he has a grammar test. He decides to pretend that he is sick.
	Janice enters Jason's room and asks him why he is still in bed. He says that he is not feeling well. Janice wants to call a doctor.
	Jason tells Janice that he does not feel that bad and just needs a little rest to be fine. At 15:00 Jason gets out of the bed.
	He tells Janice that he is feeling much better now.
 865. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. At least 5 days later make sure Jason wakes up early in the morning. Jason realizes he forgot that today he has a grammar test.
	Click on "Skip the school". He decides to pretend that he is sick. Janice enters Jason's room and asks him why he is still in bed. He says that he is not feeling well.
	Janice decides to call a doctor this time. She tells Jason that his illness might be serious.
	Jason suggests that Janice should call Kendra because she is competent enough to take a look. Janice calls Kendra and 30 minutes later Kendra comes to Jason.
	He tells Kendra that he is just not feeling very good. Then Janice's phone rings and she takes the call. After the phone call, she tells them that she has to go now.
	(Billy: Make sure you have done step 853. Jason wonders who Janice was talking to. When you repeat this scene, this does not happen again.)
	Kendra tells Janice that she will take care of Jason. Janice thanks Kendra as she is leaving Jason's room. Then Kendra tells Jason that she can see he is not sick.
	He admits that today there is a grammar test at school and he is not really ready for it. Kendra has something in mind.
	(When you repeat this scene, you can now choose between different latex and leather outfits for Kendra.) The scene continues with Jason licking Kendra's asshole.
	Then she strokes his cock when suddenly Julia appears. Julia likes what she sees and goes to Kendra and Jason in the bed. They throw Jason on the pillow.
	(When you repeat this scene, you can now choose to let Julia wear no outfit and choose between 4 different latex outfits.)
	Kendra and Julia start to have some naughty fun. Kendra licks Julia's asshole as Jason's cock is getting harder. Now Julia teases Jason with Kendra's pussy.
	Then Kendra and Julia stroke and lick Jason's cock. The naughty fun continues and Jason begs Kendra to fuck her.
	Then Jason fucks Kendra's pussy as Julia fists Kendra's asshole. Now Jason fucks Julia's pussy as she licks Kendra's pussy.
	Then Jason fucks Julia's asshole in different positions with Kendra's help. Jason is about to cum as Kendra takes over and licks Julia's asshole.
	Now Kendra fists Julia's asshole and Jason sticks his cock in Kendra's asshole and fucks her. Then Kendra licks Julia's pussy as she continues to fist her asshole.
	Finally, Jason cums in Kendra's asshole. Julia's and Kendra's scores increase by 10 (Julia: up to 550, Kendra: up to 300).
 866. To repeat the sex scene with Kendra and Julia in Jason's room (step 865), go to sleep in Jason's bed.
	Skip 7 to 14 days and make sure Jason wakes up early in the morning. Jason realizes he forgot that today he has a grammar test. Click on "Skip the school".
 867. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. When Rachel asks you to come in, click on "Leave".
	Get the scene where Rachel opens the door wearing her red robe. When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside.
	Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed. Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Skin Customization". Now you have 3 options:
	a) "Tan": Click on "Clothes" to see Rachel naked. Use the "Tan Intensity" and "Tan Lines Intensity" sliders to change Rachel's tan.
	   Then choose between 5 different tan lines. Finally, click on "Done".
	b) "Pubic hair style": Click on "Clothes" to see Rachel naked. Choose between 6 different pubic hair styles for Rachel. Finally, click on "Done".
	c) "Tattoo": Click on "Clothes" to see Rachel naked. Choose between 4 different tattoo styles or "No Tattoo" for Rachel. Finally, click on "Done".
 868. Now click on "Danielle's camshow" to repeat the webcam show with Danielle and Rachel. Then the webcam show starts and Rachel gets on top of Jason.
	Danielle puts Jason's cock in Rachel's pussy and sticks 2 fingers in Rachel's ass. The webcam show continues with different kinds of naughty sex.
	Finally, Jason cums on Danielle's and Rachel's faces. Danielle tells Rachel that she is glad that she took her advice because today they did much better.
	Danielle's score increases by 10 (up to 500). When Rachel's score is lower than 400, it increases by 10.
	Danielle tells Rachel and Jason that she has so many ideas what they could do.
 869. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. When Rachel asks you to come in, click on "Leave".
	Get the scene where Rachel opens the door wearing her red robe. When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside.
	Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed. Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Danielle's camshow". Then the webcam show starts.
	Danielle tells Rachel and Jason that she has prepared a special program. Now they are all wearing a latex suit and they go to the park.
	Then the webcam show continues with different kinds of naughty sex. Finally, Jason cums on Danielle's and Rachel's faces. Danielle's score increases by 10 (up to 510).
	When Rachel's score is lower than 400, it increases by 10.
 870. The next time you repeat the webcam show with Danielle and Rachel, you can choose to stay or to go to the park.
	Then you can choose to be nude or to wear the latex outfit (for Danielle, Rachel and Jason), or to wear lingerie (for Danielle and Rachel).


0.43  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 871. Make sure Julia's score is 480 or higher and you have done the photoshoot with Julia and Kira at the studio (up to step 532).
	Catch Julia standing in the tub by the pool looking at her back and click on "Approach her". She tells Jason that she just ripped her favorite swimsuit.
	Julia asks Jason if it is possible to fix it. He is afraid that her favorite swimsuit is completely ruined. Julia starts to cry and leaves.
	Jason decides that he should find her another swimsuit.
 872. Make sure you have suncream and Michelle's score is 250 or higher. Go to the beach at 17:00 or 18:00. There is a 50 % chance to meet Kira or Michelle sunbathing.
	When Michelle is there, click on "Approach her" and "Compliment her swimsuit". Jason tells Michelle that her swimsuit fits her so well.
	She says that her swimsuit is obviously too small for her and she should have checked the size before buying it.
	Then she tells Jason that she has a whole bunch of them. Jason asks Michelle if she could sell her one swimsuit.
	She wants to give him the swimsuit for free and asks him to come to her house.
 873. Go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door". Jason asks Michelle for the swimsuit. She gives him the swimsuit.
 874. Go to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Give her the new swimsuit". Jason asks Julia to put the swimsuit on.
	Julia puts the new swimsuit on. Now choose the colors for each zone and use the sliders to choose the smoothness and metallic look for each zone. Click on "Done".
	Then click on "Wear it" to let Julia wear the swimsuit on this day or "Wear it as daily as well" to let her wear the swimsuit all the time at home.
 875. Catch Julia sitting in the tub by the pool and click on "Approach her" and "Have sex". Jason tells Julia that she is looking so sexy in this swimsuit.
	They start to kiss each other and then they undress. Julia strokes Jason's cock and gives him a blowjob. Then Jason licks Julia's pussy and asshole.
	Now Julia wants Jason's cock inside her. Choose between "Vaginal" and "Anal". Jason fucks Julia's pussy or ass in different positions.
	Then click on "Anal" or "Vaginal" to fuck Julia's ass or pussy in different positions repeatedly. Finally, click on "Cum" and Jason cums on Julia's face.
	Now Janice appears and she tells Jason that the light bulb in her bedroom needs to be changed. Jason says that he can do that right now.
	30 minutes later Julia gets out of the tub and goes to Janice's bedroom. She catches Jason fucking Janice's pussy or ass (50 % by chance).
	Jason cums in Janice and Julia asks Jason if this is how he is changing the light bulb.
 876. (Billy): Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Ask about the phone call".
	Jason asks Janice who she was talking to on the phone the other day.
	She tells him that it was a friend from college times who was in town that day and wanted to meet her.
	Jason thinks that it does not sound too convincing to him and that he should find a way to verify her version.
 877. (Billy): Go to the bathroom while Janice is taking a shower (between 20:00 and 22:00). Click on "Check Janice's phone".
	Jason checks who Janice was talking to the other day (step 865). He recognizes Billy's number and checks the messages. He reads that Janice met Billy behind his back.
	Billy wanted to see Janice dressed as Shelle Nightmore again. Jason wants to talk to Janice about this.
 878. (Billy): Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Talk about meetings with Billy".
	Jason tells Janice that he knows about her meetings with Billy and that he read his messages on her phone. Jason asks Janice why she was hiding it from him.
	Janice tells Jason that she was afraid that he would be mad at her because Billy bought all those nice things for her and she could not say no to him.
	Jason tells Janice that he is angry because she kept this in secret from him, but might forgive her, when she tells him everything what happened during those meetings.
	Janice tells Jason that Billy quite often asked her to dress as Shelle Nightmore. Now choose between "Imagine Janice" and "Imagine Shelle Nightmore".
	Then Janice tells Jason all the details about the sex she and Billy had on the remote part of the beach. Janice wears a black bikini or is dressed as Shelle Nightmore.


0.44  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 879. Make sure you have done step 861. Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Offer to act in the movie".
	Jason tells Janice that there is a great opportunity to make a good amount of cash. He says that there is an offer to act in an unordinary movie.
	Janice correctly suspects that this is a porn movie and tells Jason that the last thing she wants is to be known as a pornstar.
	Jason replies that the film is only for the foreign market and there is a massive payment for the role. Janice is a little worried that someone may recognize her.
	Jason suggests that Janice should change her hairstyle. Now choose between 4 different hairstyles for Janice.
	Then click on "Keep this one" to keep the chosen hairstyle or "Choose another one" to choose another hairstyle.
 880. Janice and Jason are now in the studio. Adrianna starts the movie shooting. Janice and Jason introduce themselves.
	After some foreplay, Jason fucks Janice's pussy in different positions. Finally, Jason cums in Janice's pussy. The first time you play this scene, Jason receives $500.
 881. At least 2 days later go home and to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Adrianna that the movie was a massive hit and there is an offer to do a sequel.
 882. Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Offer to act in the movie".
	Jason tells Janice that the movie they did was a huge success. Because of the movie's popularity Janice has concerns to be recognized by someone who knows them.
	Jason replies that the film is for the Asian market and they offer the double amount of money. Janice is eager to shoot the movie.
	Now choose between 4 different hairstyles for Janice. Then click on "Keep this one" to keep the chosen hairstyle or "Choose another one" to choose another hairstyle.
 883. Janice and Jason are now in the studio. Adrianna starts the movie shooting and tells the audience that their social media was flooded with requests for another scene.
	After some foreplay, Jason fucks Janice's ass in different positions. Finally, Jason cums in Janice's ass. The first time you play this scene, Jason receives $1000.
 884. (Billy): Make sure you have done the steps 878 to 883. The next day after school, Billy approaches Jason and tells him that the porn movie was a fucking bomb.
	Billy asks Jason to be in that movie too. Jason tells him that he will let him know if there is going to be another movie.
 885. (Billy): At least 2 days later go home and to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Adrianna.
	She tells him that the last movie was a huge success and it was even better than the first one.
	Then she tells him that they want to make a third part and they will need one more male actor.
 886. (Billy): Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Offer to act in the movie".
	Jason tells Janice that the movie they did was an even bigger hit. Janice asks Jason if they want more. Jason tells her that this is exactly what they want.
	He says that the payment is even better than the last time and Billy is going to act too. Now choose between 4 different hairstyles for Janice.
	Then click on "Keep this one" to keep the chosen hairstyle or "Choose another one" to choose another hairstyle.
 887. (Billy): Janice, Jason and Billy are now in the studio. Adrianna starts the movie shooting.
	After some foreplay, Janice gives Jason and Billy blowjobs and they fuck Janice's pussy and asshole in different positions. Finally, you have 2 options:
	a) "Cum inside": Jason cums in Janice's pussy and Billy cums in her asshole.
	b) "Cum outside": Jason and Billy cum on Janice's face.
	The first time you play this scene, Jason receives $1000.
 888. To repeat the movie scenes with Janice, go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Share memories".
	Then choose a porn movie scene. Now choose between 4 different hairstyles for Janice.
	Then click on "Keep this one" to keep the chosen hairstyle or "Choose another one" to choose another hairstyle.
 889. Make sure you have done step 855 and Danielle is wearing her new lifeguard swimsuit (step 715). Go to the beach between 15:00 and 19:00.
	When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower and looking out to sea, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle and Jason talk about how nice she looks in her new swimsuit. Now click on "Go to the tower". Danielle and Jason go to the lifeguard tower.
	Now click on "Grab her butt". Jason grabs Danielle's tits and butt. Then he licks Danielle's pussy. She asks Jason to stop it.
 890. The next day go to the beach between 15:00 and 19:00. When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower and looking out to sea, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle and Jason talk about how nice she looks in her new swimsuit. Now click on "Go to the tower". Danielle and Jason go to the lifeguard tower.
	Click on "Grab her butt". Jason grabs Danielle's tits and butt. Then he licks Danielle's pussy. Danielle starts to like it.
	Then Kelly appears in front of the lifeguard tower. She asks Danielle if it is safe to swim today.
	She tells Kelly that the beach is closed today and it is too dangerous for swimming because of the underwater waves.
	Kelly goes away and Jason shows Danielle his hard cock. She gives him a blowjob. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 891. The next day go to the beach between 15:00 and 19:00. When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower and looking out to sea, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle and Jason talk about how nice she looks in her new swimsuit. Now click on "Go to the tower". Danielle and Jason go to the lifeguard tower.
	Click on "Grab her butt". Jason grabs Danielle's tits and butt. Then he licks Danielle's pussy. Danielle gets horny and takes Jason's hard cock.
	She gives him a blowjob. Then Kelly appears in front of the lifeguard tower. She asks Jason what he is doing there and where the lifeguard is.
	Jason tells her that she got a phone call. Kelly goes away and Jason fucks Danielle's pussy. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
	When Danielle's score is 490 or lower, it increases by 10.
 892. The next day go to the beach between 15:00 and 19:00. When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower and looking out to sea, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle and Jason talk about how nice she looks in her new swimsuit. Now click on "Go to the tower". Danielle and Jason go to the lifeguard tower.
	Click on "Grab her butt". Jason grabs Danielle's tits and butt. Then he licks Danielle's pussy. Danielle gets horny and takes Jason's hard cock.
	She gives him a blowjob. Then Jason fucks Danielle's pussy. Now he asks Danielle for some anal fun.
	Danielle tells Jason that they need lube and that she will bring it the next time. Kelly is standing beside the lifeguard tower.
	She watches Jason fucking Danielle's pussy. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside". When Danielle's score is 490 or lower, it increases by 10.
 893. The next day go to the beach between 15:00 and 19:00. When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower and looking out to sea, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle and Jason talk about how nice she looks in her new swimsuit. Now click on "Go to the tower". Danielle and Jason go to the lifeguard tower.
	Click on "Grab her butt". Jason grabs Danielle's tits and butt. Then he licks Danielle's pussy. Danielle gets horny and takes Jason's hard cock.
	She gives him a blowjob. Kelly is standing beside the lifeguard tower and watches Danielle giving Jason a blowjob. Now Jason asks Danielle if she has brought the lube.
	She shows him the bottle and Jason puts some lube on his cock. Now Kelly goes in front of the lifeguard tower.
	She tells Danielle that she will just lay here and sunbathe. Finally, Jason hides inside the lifeguard tower.
 894. The next day go to the beach between 15:00 and 19:00. When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower and looking out to sea, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle and Jason talk about how nice she looks in her new swimsuit. Now click on "Go to the tower". Danielle and Jason go to the lifeguard tower.
	Click on "Grab her butt". Jason grabs Danielle's tits and butt. Then he licks Danielle's pussy. Danielle gets horny and takes Jason's hard cock.
	She gives him a blowjob. Kelly is standing beside the lifeguard tower and watches Danielle giving Jason a blowjob. Then Kelly switches the bottle with the lube.
	Now Jason asks Danielle if she has brought the lube. She shows him the bottle and Jason puts some lube on his cock. Now Jason fucks Danielle's ass.
	Jason says that his cock feels sticky inside Danielle's ass. Danielle tells him that it feels strange. Now Kelly fakes a drowning.
	Danielle asks Jason to pull his cock out of her ass, but it feels like it is glued. Kelly comes out of the water and confronts Danielle and Jason.
	She sees that Jason's cock is stuck in Danielle's ass and takes a picture of it. Kelly threatens to show it to the Coast Guard Office. Danielle fears losing her job.
	Jason tells Danielle that he will talk to Kelly and fix this.
 895. Go to the pharmacy shop until 16:00 and click on "Go in". Choose "Talk to her" or "Call her" and click on "Talk about the prank at the beach".
	Jason asks Kelly if she realizes that Danielle will lose her job if she will show those pictures to Danielle's boss.
	Kelly tells Jason that this probably will be the case. Finally, Jason says that she will regret this.
 896. Go to the hospital. Jason comes up with the idea to knock Kelly out with something like chloroform and then lock her in her dungeon. Go inside the hospital.
	Now click on "Approach Kendra" and "Ask about chlorophorm". Jason asks Kendra if she has chloroform here and that he wants to play a prank on a friend.
	She warns him that in the real world it is very dangerous stuff that can kill people. Then she tells Jason that there is a quite similar stuff.
	She says that this is called Twistoform and it works even better than chloroform and it is totally safe. Then Jason asks Kendra if she can give him some Twistoform.
	Kendra refuses to give Jason the Twistoform.
 897. Make sure you have sleeping pills. Click on "Approach Kendra" and "Complain about the pain". Kendra tells Jason to follow her to do some tests.
	After all the tests are done, she says that tomorrow morning the results are available.
 898. At night click on "Call Kendra". Jason tells Kendra that he is bored and he thought that they could have a talk about books or something like that.
	Kendra stays with Jason and they have a conversation about the book "The even less shades of pink". Kendra gets tired.
	She wants to drink some coffee and asks Jason if he also wants some coffee. He agrees and Kendra returns with 2 cups of coffee.
	Jason and Kendra sit on the hospital bed. Jason tells Kendra that he is so glad that she is working at the hospital and without her it would be boring.
	Now click on "Ask for sugar". Kendra leaves the room to get some sugar. Now Jason adds a sleeping pill to Kendra's coffee. Then Kendra returns without the sugar.
	Kendra drinks some more coffee and falls asleep. Jason lays her on the hospital bed and says how cute she is while sleeping. Jason takes Kendra's ID badge.
 899. Click on the storage room door down the hall on the right side (room 201) and on "Get in". Click on the orange bottle with the yellow label.
	Jason gets one bottle of Twistoform. Then click on "Go back to the corridor".
 900. Click on Jason's hospital room door on the left side (room 204). Now click on "Return the ID badge" to give the ID badge back to Kendra.
	Click on "Do nothing" and Jason goes back to sleep. The next morning Kendra awakes and rushes to work.
 901. Go to the pharmacy shop and click on "Go in". Wait until Kelly is busy. Click on "Use Twistophorm". Then Jason approaches Kelly with a cloth soaked with Twistoform.
	He puts her to sleep and drags her to the dungeon. Now Jason calls Danielle and asks her to come over. Then Danielle arrives and is surprised to see Kelly hogtied.
	Jason tells her that Kelly is just sleeping. Danielle can feel that they are going to have a tough conversation. Then Danielle and Jason change into latex suits.
	Now Kelly wakes up and is angry. Danielle forces Kelly to tell her where her phone with the pictures Kelly took on the beach is. Kelly strictly refuses this.
	She threatens to show the pictures to Danielle's boss as soon as she gets out of the dungeon. As a punishment Kelly now gets humiliated by Danielle and Jason.
	She gets her ass spanked by Kelly and Jason forces her to suck his cock. Then Danielle fucks Kelly's ass with a dildo.
	Now Jason fucks Kelly's pussy while she has the dildo still in her ass. Then Kelly gives in and tells Danielle and Jason that her phone is upstairs in her purse.
	They drag Kelly on the bed to humiliate her still more. In the further course, Danielle fucks Kelly's pussy with a dildo.
	Now Jason fucks Kelly's ass while she has one dildo still in her ass and another one still in her pussy. Then Jason fucks Danielle's pussy.
	Finally, Danielle squirts on Kelly and Jason cums on Kelly's face. Jason takes a picture of the humiliated Kelly and says that their business here is done.
 902. To repeat the punishment of Kelly (step 901), go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside.
	Click on "Share memories" and "Kelly's punishment".
 903. Go to the beach between 15:00 and 19:00. When Danielle is standing in front of the lifeguard tower and looking out to sea, click on "Approach Danielle".
	Danielle and Jason talk about how nice she looks in her new swimsuit. Now click on "Go to the tower". Danielle and Jason go to the lifeguard tower.
	Click on "Grab her butt". Jason grabs Danielle's tits and butt. Then he licks Danielle's pussy. Danielle gets horny and takes Jason's hard cock.
	She gives him a blowjob. Then you can ask Danielle to take off her swimsuit or to continue wearing her swimsuit. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Pussy": Jason fucks Danielle's pussy in different positions. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
	b) "Ass": Jason puts some lube on his cock. He fucks Danielle's ass in different positions and cums in her.
	When Danielle's score is 490 or lower, it increases by 10.


0.45  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:460  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 904. Make sure you have done step 883. 7 days later go home and to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Adrianna about a new job offer.
	She tells him that this time there will be an orgy with at least 3 ladies. (Billy: Make sure you have done step 887.
	Adrianna also tells him that he can invite some of his male friends.) Adrianna says that the orgy will not take place in the studio.
	She asks Jason to find a spot for the scene.
 905. Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Offer to act in the movie".
	Jason tells Janice that this time Adrianna wants to film another scene with more people to be involved. She asks Jason if Adrianna wants to film a party.
	Jason says that she can call it that way. Janice tells Jason that she is pretty busy lately and that she will not be able to participate this time.
 906. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene. When Rachel asks you to come in, click on "Leave".
	Get the scene where Rachel opens the door wearing her red robe. When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside.
	Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed. Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Invite to the Pool party".
	Jason tells Rachel that he is going to a pool party. He invites her to the pool party. Rachel tells Jason that she will come gladly.
 907. The next day after school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Invite her to the pool party".
	Jason invites Kira to the pool party. Kira tells Jason that she likes pool parties and will love to come.
 908. Go to Michelle's house until 19:00. Click on "Knock on the door" and "Invite to the pool party". Jason tells Michelle that he is going to a pool party.
	Jason invites Michelle to the pool party. Michelle tells Jason that she likes pool parties and will definitely come.
 909. (Billy): The next day after school, approach Billy. Click on "Invite him to the pool party".
	Jason tells Billy that they will be filming another movie and it will be a pool party setup. Jason asks Billy to join them and Billy tells him that he will be in.
 910. Make sure you have at least 10 Vitamine X. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on "Start the pool party". A couple of hours later Adrianna and Jason are in the tub.
	She says that this is a pretty cool place for filming the scene. Now Rachel appears first and Adrianna starts the recording. Then Michelle and Kira appear second.
	After a casual chat, Jason gets the refreshments with Vitamine X added to them. Now they enjoy the drinks.
	Michelle, Kira and Rachel are becoming more and more relaxed. Then they are flirting with each other. Now Michelle and Rachel start to kiss.
	Kira takes Jason's cock out. Then the orgy begins while Adrianna still films the scene. Suddenly, Janice appears and asks why they have started without her.
	She joins them and Jason realizes that she took a drink from the kitchen. Janice starts having sex with Jason. Adrianna gets thirsty and enjoys one of the cold drinks.
	Then she joins the orgy and Jason thinks it is time to fuck someone. Now choose 5 times in a row between Michelle, Rachel, Janice, Kira and Adrianna.
	Then choose between fucking her pussy or ass. After your fifth choice between one of them, Jason finally cums all over their faces.
	(Billy): After your fifth choice between one of them, Billy appears. Adrianna and Janice welcome him and he joins the orgy.
	Finally, Billy cums on Rachel's, Adrianna's and Kira's faces and Jason cums on Janice's and Michelle's faces.
 911. To repeat the pool party (step 910), go to Jason's room and click on "Start the pool party (repeat)".


0.46  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:510  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 912. Make sure you have done the steps 573 and 796. Go to Emma's house at 20:00 or later. Jason hears Emma's voice from inside the house. Jason enters Emma's bedroom.
	Emma shows Jason a broken dildo and tells him that the dildo from her fucking machine snapped off. Emma leaves the bedroom because her mood for tonight is ruined.
	Jason decides to find her a replacement for the broken dildo.
 913. The next day go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Ask about dildos for the machine".
	Jason asks Danielle if he can borrow some toys she uses at the camshows. He tells her that he needs them for Emma's fucking machine.
	Danielle says that she has a whole set of dildos for her fucking machine she used a long time ago. She is willing to give him the dildos under one condition.
	She tells Jason that she wants to try it out too. Jason suggests that they could go to Emma's house together and ask her.
 914. Jason is in front of Emma's house waiting for Danielle. Danielle is late, so Jason decides to go inside Emma's house.
	Now Jason is in Emma's bedroom and he shows her the set of dildos. Emma chooses a dildo and Jason screws it onto the fucking machine.
	Then he starts the machine and Emma gets fucked in her pussy. Jason takes the opportunity and fucks Emma's tits. Then Emma gives Jason a blowjob as Danielle appears.
	Danielle suggests to use the big dildo. Jason gets the middle-sized dildo and screws it onto the fucking machine.
	Then he starts the machine and Emma gets fucked in her pussy. Now Jason fucks Emma's ass. Emma tells them that she is going to pass out.
	Jason stops fucking Emma's ass and says that they should let her get used to this level of penetration first.
	Then the threesome gets naughtier and they fuck each other in different positions, also using the double dildo and the fist dildo.
	Finally, choose to cum in Emma's or Danielle's pussy or ass. Emma's score increases by 10 (up to 510).
 915. To repeat the fucking machine scene (step 914), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary". Then click on "Emma's fucking machine".
	Now choose between 3 different outfits for Jason, 6 different outfits for Emma and 7 different outfits for Danielle.
 916. The next day go inside the school at 17:00. Jason hears some voices coming from the classroom. Jason goes inside the classroom. Rebecca and Kira are having sex.
	Jason wants to join them but Rebecca says that the school is about to close. Rebecca invites Kira to her home to continue there. Jason asks Rebecca if he can come too.
	She tells him that this lesson is for girls only unless he can surprise them with something very special.
 917. Go home and to Jason's room. Click on his screen and on "Launch browser". Go to the "Fetish Outfits" store and buy "The Cat costume".
	Jason buys 2 costumes for $600.
 918. Go to Rebecca's home at 20:00 or later and click on the front door. Rebecca and Kira open the door and Jason gives them their cat costumes.
	Rebecca and Kira put their cat costumes on. Jason still has the 2 tails. He asks them to get on all fours and then he sticks the tails in their asses.
	Now the roleplay begins and they are having sex in different positions. Then click on "Keep fucking Rebecca" or "Switch to Kira" to cum in Rebecca's or Kira's pussy.
 919. To repeat the cat costumes scene (step 918), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary". Then click on "Kira and Rebecca in cat costumes".
	Now choose between 5 different outfits for Rebecca and Kira.


0.47  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:510  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 920. Make sure you have done steps 624, 625 and 910.
 921. Go to Billy's home. Rachel is watering the flowers. Click on "Approach her". Rachel tells Jason that her day is a little bit boring.
	She says that her husband is on a business trip for a couple of days and Billy is also coming home late because he will meet his clanmates and play games.
	Jason invites Rachel to go out somewhere, like a nice restaurant or a club, since she will be free for a whole night. Rachel happily agrees.
 922. Later that night Jason and Rachel return to Jason's home. Rachel tells Jason what an amazing night it was and that she had so much fun.
	Then Jason gets a phone message from Janice. She writes that she will not be home tonight, so Jason invites Rachel to come in for some coffee or tea.
	Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Take her to your room": Jason and Rachel go to Jason's room: They start to have some naughty fun. Then Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and ass in different positions.
	   Now choose to cum in Rachel's pussy or ass. Jason cums inside Rachel's pussy or ass and then they both fall asleep.
	   Now Jason dreams that he got Rachel pregnant and then he fucks her pussy and cums in her. The next morning Jason wakes up and sees Rachel getting dressed.
	   He gets up and kisses Rachel. Finally, he asks her to give him a call the next time her husband goes on a business trip.
	b) "Take her to the bedroom": Jason and Rachel go to the bedroom. They get undressed and Rachel wants to give Jason a blowjob. Suddenly, Janice appears in the bedroom.
	   When you are not on Billy's path, the scene continues just like the step 922 b a ("... she is alone").
		(Billy): Now you have 2 options:
		a) "... she is alone": (When you repeat this scene, you can now choose to let Janice and Rachel wear no clothes or choose between 5 different outfits.)
		   Janice joins them and they are having sex in different positions. Then Jason cums on Janice's and Rachel's faces.
		   Now Rachel gets a phone call from her husband. Then Jason fucks her pussy and cums in her while she speaks with her husband.
		   Finally, Rachel has to go home and Janice tells Rachel that she is always welcome.
		b) "... she won't be mad": (When you repeat this scene, you can now choose to let Janice and Rachel wear no clothes or choose between 5 different outfits.)
		   Billy is with Janice and they join Jason and Rachel. They are having sex in different positions.
		   During the scene you can choose to switch positions and "Keep going". Then Jason fucks Rachel's ass and Billy fucks Janice's ass.
		   Now Rachel gets a phone call from her husband. Jason and Billy continue to fuck Rachel's and Janice's asses while Rachel speaks with her husband.
		   Then you can choose to switch to their pussies or "Continue" to continue fucking their asses. Now Jason cums in Rachel and Billy cums in Janice.
		   Finally, Rachel and Billy have to go home and Janice tells them that they are always welcome.
 923. Go to the bedroom between 20:00 and 22:00. Catch Janice changing her clothes. Click on "Lingerie".
	From now on you can also choose "Fishnet stockings with underwear" and "Fishnet stockings only".
 924. To repeat the night scene (step 922), go to Jason's room and click on "Message Rachel".
	Rachel gives Jason a positive answer at least 2 days after you have played step 922.
 925. (Billy, Pregnancy): Make sure you have done step 763. Go to the beach and catch Billy with Janice on the pier. Click on "Come closer".
	Billy kisses Janice and touches her tits. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Leave them": Jason goes away and Janice gives Billy a blowjob. Then he licks and fucks Janice's pussy. Finally, Billy cums in Janice's pussy.
	b) "Tell Billy to go away": Jason asks Billy to go home, so Billy goes away. Janice tells Jason that he is jealous and that this is such a turn on for her.
	   Now she gives Jason a blowjob. Then he licks and fucks Janice's pussy. Finally, Jason cums in Janice's pussy.
	There is a 50 % chance to get Janice pregnant.
 926. (Billy, Pregnancy): Go home and to Jason's room. (On weekends this happens automatically.)
	When the impregnation was successful, Janice tells Jason that she is pregnant with his (step 925 b) or Billy's (step 925 a) baby.
	She says that they should sleep together, since she is carrying a baby. Janice's bed is the default sleeping bed from now on.
 927. (Billy, Pregnancy): Go to sleep and with a chance of 40 % Jason wakes up with Janice giving him a blowjob.
	Click on "Continue" and Janice wants Jason to fuck her in the ass. Now click on "Use lube" or "Use saliva".
	After Jason puts the lube or his saliva in Janice's ass, he fucks her ass in different positions and cums in her.
	(When you let John stay at home (step 474) and he is at home, he will come in during the scene asking if the baby is coming.
	Janice tells John that the baby is not coming and asks him to get out.)
 928. (Billy, Pregnancy): After 30 days, Janice goes into labor. When you go to sleep and click on "Sleep till morning" or at the end of step 928 Janice goes into labor.
	Jason calls an ambulance and Janice gives birth to a baby girl in the hospital. As soon as the scene in the hospital ends, the baby is gone.


0.48  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:510  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 929. Make sure you have the spy camera. Go home and to Jason's room. Every 3 to 7 days Jason gets a message from Michelle when he is in his room.
	Keep going to Jason's room until you get a message from Michelle where she tells him that Steve will be out of town tonight and she might feel very lonely.
 930. Go to Michelle's house at 20:00 or later and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting naked in the pool and plays with her tits and pussy.
	Jason masturbates while Michelle rubs her pussy. Michelle notices Jason and wants him to come to her. Michelle gives Jason a blowjob and let him fuck her tits.
	Now choose between "Vaginal" and "Anal" to fuck Michelle's pussy or ass. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 931. Now click on "Look for Kira's room". Jason enters Kira's room. Click on "Hide the spycam". Jason hides the spy camera and returns to Michelle.
	She shows him her opened asshole. Jason fucks Michelle's asshole in different positions. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 932. Go home and to Jason's room. Every 3 to 7 days Jason gets a message from Michelle when he is in his room.
	Keep going to Jason's room until you get a message from Michelle where she tells him that Steve will be out of town tonight and she might feel very lonely.
 933. Go to Michelle's house at 20:00 or later and click on "Sneak to the backyard". Michelle is sitting naked in the pool and plays with her tits and pussy.
	Jason masturbates while Michelle rubs her pussy. Michelle notices Jason and wants him to come to her. Michelle gives Jason a blowjob and let him fuck her tits.
	Now choose between "Vaginal" and "Anal" to fuck Michelle's pussy or ass. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 934. Now click on "Look for Kira's room". Jason enters Kira's room. Click on "Pick up spycam". Jason takes the spy camera and returns to Michelle.
	She shows him her opened asshole. Jason fucks Michelle's asshole in different positions. Finally, choose between "Cum inside" and "Cum outside".
 935. Go to Jason's room and click on his screen. Click on "Connect USB". Then you have 2 options:
	a) "Regular version": Jason sees Steve fucking some woman in Kira's room. Jason calls Michelle and asks her to come over.
	   One hour later Michelle meets Jason in the living room. Jason shows Michelle the video. Michelle is appalled as she is looking at the video.
	   She tells Jason that she knows that bitch Steve is fucking in the video. It is Kira's private music tutor. Then Julia enters the living room.
	   She wonders what Jason and Michelle are watching. Michelle is upset that Steve is doing it on Kira's bed. Julia agrees and goes away.
	   Michelle asks herself why she could not see it and wants Steve to pay for this. Now Jason has the idea to shoot a porn movie and force Steve to watch it.
	   Jason asks Michelle if she has ever heard about a studio called Lazzers. Michelle does not know it and asks Jason what that studio does.
	   Jason tells her that she will see and has to trust him on this one.
	b) "NTR version": Jason sees Steve fucking Kira in her room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Video Library".
	   Now click on "Video 005 (footage from Kira's room)" and "Download to your phone". Jason texts Michelle and asks her to come over.
	   One hour later Michelle meets Jason in the living room. Jason shows Michelle the video. Michelle is appalled as she is looking at the video.
	   Then Julia enters the living room. She wonders what Jason and Michelle are watching. Michelle is upset that Steve is cheating on her with her daughter.
	   Michelle asks Julia if she knew about this. She says no and that this is a shock for her too and goes away.
	   Michelle asks herself why she could not see it and that this is all her fault. Michelle wants Steve to pay for this.
	   Now Jason has the idea to shoot a porn movie and force Steve to watch it. Jason asks Michelle if she has ever heard about a studio called Lazzers.
	   Michelle does not know it and asks Jason what that studio does. Jason tells her that she will see and has to trust him on this one.
 936. Go to the studio between 11:00 and 15:00 and wait for Adrianna. Click on "Come closer" and "Talk about movie with Michelle".
	Jason asks Adrianna if she is still looking for fresh actresses and if she remembers Michelle. Adrianna remembers her and wants to shoot a movie with her.
	She asks Jason to give her some time to arrange the shooting time.
 937. At least 3 days later go to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Adrianna. The tells him that the studio is available for tonight.
	Jason texts Michelle about this.
 938. Later that night Jason and Michelle are in the studio. Adrianna starts the movie shooting and Michelle tells Adrianna about her.
	Then Jason gets naked and Michelle appears in a sexy outfit. Jason teases Michelle and then they are having sex in different positions.
	Finally, Jason cums in Michelle's ass.
 939. To repeat the porn movie scene with Michelle (step 938), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary".
	Then click on and "Michelle's porn movie". Now choose between 4 different outfits for Michelle.
 940. At least 4 days later go to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Michelle. She asks Jason for help to move some furniture.
	When you are not on Billy's path, the scene continues just like the step 940 b ("Go alone").
	(Billy): Make sure you have invited Billy to the pool party (step 909). Michelle tells Jason that he can bring his friend for an extra hand. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Bring Billy along": Jason and Billy sit on in Michelle's bed. Now Michelle appears and surprises them. Billy is horny and starts sucking on Michelle's left tit.
	   Now Jason sucks on her right tit. Then they are having sex in different positions. Suddenly, Steve appears and is appalled about what he sees.
	   Jason and Billy continue having sex with Michelle. Finally, they cum on Michelle's face and then Steve leaves the bedroom.
	b) "Go alone": Jason sits on Michelle's bed. Now Michelle appears and surprises him. Michelle is horny and gives Jason a blowjob.
	   Then they are having sex in different positions. Suddenly, Steve appears and is appalled about what he sees. Jason continues having sex with Michelle.
	   Finally, choose to cum in Michelle's pussy or ass and then Steve leaves the bedroom.
 941. To repeat the moving furniture scene with Michelle (step 940), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary".
	Then click on "Moving furniture for Michelle". Now choose between "Solo" to play step 940 b and "With Billy" to play step 940 a.
 942. From now on you can go to Jason's room and click on "Go to the Michelle's pool" to visit Michelle at her pool to have sex with her (step 933).
 943. A few days later go to Jason's room. Jason receives a message from Julia. She asks him to come to her room.
 944. Go to Julia's room at 20:00 or later. Julia is in her room wearing a superhero costume. Jason is not in the mood for roleplaying and wants to leave Julia's room.
	She grabs him but Jason turns the table and grabs Julia. Then he throws Julia on her bed and let Julia give him a blowjob.
	Jason removes the crotch from Julia's costume. Now Jason and Julia have sex in different positions. Finally, choose to cum in Julia's pussy or ass.
 945. To repeat the superhero costume scene with Julia (step 944), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary".
	Then click on "Julia's superhero costume".


0.49  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:510  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 946. Make sure you have done the steps 901 and 940. Go to the living room until you see Janice sitting on the couch. Jason recognizes that she does not look fine.
	He sits down next to her and asks her what is bothering her. She tells him that he would not understand because it is a woman's thing.
	Jason thinks that he should ask Danielle to talk to Janice.
 947. The next day go to Danielle's house until 13:00 and knock on the door. She asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Ask her to talk to Janice".
	Jason tells Danielle that he found Janice in a depressive mood and that there was something definitely bothering her. He asks Danielle to talk to Janice.
	Danielle doubts that it is something serious and tells Jason that she was planning to clean her kitchen today. Jason tells her that he can clean the kitchen for her.
	Now Danielle agrees to talk to Janice. Then Jason starts to clean Danielle's kitchen. He recognizes that the stains will not come off.
	Jason wants to go home to look for some cleaner to clean Danielle's kitchen.
 948. Go to Jason's home and to the kitchen. Click on the drawer under the window to take the stain cleaner.
 949. Go to Danielle's house and knock on the door. Click on "Clean the kitchen". She asks Jason to come inside.
	Then Jason continues to clean Danielle's kitchen with the stain cleaner. This time the stains come off and the kitchen is clean and shiny.
	Danielle returns and does not remember the last time she has seen the kitchen that clean. She tells Jason that she will come by in the evening to talk to Janice.
 950. Go home and to the living room at 16:00 or later. Janice and Danielle are on the couch. Janice touches Danielle's left tit.
	Jason asks them what this boob grabbing is all about. Then they have a conversation about the feeling of real and fake boobs.
	Janice asks Jason about his opinion as a man. Suddenly, Jason touches Janice's and Danielle's tits and tells them that fake tits feel firmer.
	He also tells them that real ones are indeed softer. Janice now asks Jason if he prefers fake or real tits. Jason tells Janice that he needs to do some more testing.
 951. Janice, Danielle and Jason are now in the bedroom. Jason tells them to proceed to the next test. He sucks on and squeezes Janice's and Danielle's tits.
	Janice and Danielle lay down on the bed as Jason plays more with their tits side by side. Then he pulls his cock out and Janice asks him if he is going to use lube.
 952. Jason goes to his room to get the lube. Now Jason meets Julia in the hallway. He tells her that he forgot the lube.
	Julia has the lube because she grabbed it from his room. Jason wants Julia to give him the lube, but she wants a piece of his cock for compensation.
	Jason let Julia give him a blowjob. Then Jason gets his lube and goes back to the bedroom.
 953. Jason enters the bedroom and sees Janice and Danielle kissing each other. Jason puts some lube on his cock.
	Then Jason fucks Janice's tits as he squeezes and sucks on Danielle's tits. After this he fucks Danielle's tits. Jason still cannot decide whose tits are better.
	Now Janice gets horny and wants Jason's cock inside her. Jason starts to lick Janice's pussy. Danielle strokes Jason's cock and then gives him a blowjob.
	Then Jason removes Danielle's panties. Danielle has a butt plug inside her asshole. Jason slowly removes the butt plug.
	Then Janice and Danielle kiss each other as Jason licks Danielle's asshole. Now Jason wants to fuck Danielle's asshole.
	Danielle asks Jason to put some lube on his cock. As he tries to use the lube, Jason finds out that the lube is empty.
	Janice and Danielle kiss each other passionately.
 954. Jason goes to Julia's room to get more lube. Jason enters Julia's room. She plays with her pussy and Jason demands her to give him more lube.
	Julia wants Jason to lick and fuck her pussy, only then she will give him the lube. Jason fulfills her desire. Then Julia orgasms and tells Jason where the lube is.
	Jason grabs the lube and goes back to the bedroom.
 955. Jason enters the bedroom and sees Danielle licking Janice's pussy. Then he puts some lube on his cock. Now Jason fucks Danielle's ass and licks Janice's ass.
	They continue to have sex in different positions. Finally, Jason cums on Janice's and Danielle's faces.
	Danielle tells Janice and Jason that it is too bad that she has not streamed it live. Jason tells Janice and Danielle that this is a great idea, but Janice disagrees.
 956. To repeat Danielle's visit (steps 951 to 955), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary". Then click on "Danielle's visit".
 957. Go to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Talk about Danielle's live stream".
	Jason tells Janice that Danielle makes tons of money on her livestreams. Janice tells him that she does not want to be famous in that way.
	Jason suggests that she could wear a mask. Janice tells him that she needs to think about it.
 958. Go to Jason's room and click on his screen. Click on "Launch browser". Go to the "Fetish Outfits" store, scroll down and try to buy the "Suit with mask - Size L".
	The moment Jason tries to buy the last suit, someone else bought it. Jason sees that Rachel bought the last suit and wants to ask her to sell it to him.
 959. Go to Billy's home and knock on the door. When Billy opens the door, click on "chat" to end the scene.
	When Rachel asks you to come in, click on "Leave". Get the scene where Rachel opens the door wearing her red robe.
	When Billy is not at home, ask Rachel when he is coming back. Rachel asks Jason to come inside. Click on "Accept". Rachel goes away to get dressed.
	Click on "Stay here". After some talking, click on "Ask about Latex suit with mask". Jason tells Rachel that she bought the latex suit right under his nose.
	Then he tells her that he is going to participate in Danielle's stream with Janice under the condition that her outfit must be with mask covering her face.
	Danielle lends Jason the latex suit with mask.
 960. Go home and to the living room and catch Janice reading a book. Click on "Talk to her" and "Talk about Danielle's live stream".
	Jason asks Janice if she is ready to go to Danielle's livestream. Then Janice asks Jason if he has got an outfit that covers her face entirely.
	Jason agrees and then they go to Danielle.
 961. Later that evening Danielle and Jason start the livestream. Then Janice appears and introduces herself as Janine. As the livestream continues you have 2 options:
	a) "Fuck her": Jason fucks Janice's asshole.
	b) "Fist her" Jason shoves his fist in Janice's asshole and fucks her with it.
	Then the livestream continues with different kinds of naughty sex. Finally, Jason cums on Janice's and Danielle's faces.
	The first time you play this scene, Jason gets half of the money they did on the livestream.
 962. To repeat the livestream with Janice (step 961), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary". Then click on "Livestream with Janice".
	Now choose to let Janice do the livestream with or without the face mask.
 963. The next morning Janice and Jason are on their way home. As they pass the pharmacy, Janice tells Jason that she needs to get more of her special lotion.
	Jason asks her about what kind of special lotion this is. Janice tells him that this lotion is for her butthole to keep it tight.
	They enter the pharmacy and Janice asks Kelly for her special lotion. Kelly invites Janice and Jason to the backroom for a cup of coffee as she looks for the lotion.
 964. In the backroom, Kelly goes away to get the cups of coffee. Now Jason tells Janice that Danielle and he got Kelly really angry.
	As he tries to explain it, Kelly returns with the cups of coffee. While drinking the coffee, Janice and Jason notice a strange aftertaste. Then both pass out.
	A few moments later Janice and Jason are tied up by Kelly in the dungeon. Kelly punishes Janice because Jason drugged Kelly and tied her up in her own dungeon.
	Jason wakes up and Kelly tells Janice that she got a shipment of special experimental pills that should make Janice ten times as horny.
	Now Kelly gets a phone call and has to leave. Then Jason manages to free himself. Jason goes to Janice and wants to free her too.
	As Jason tries to free Janice, he notices that her thighs and the floor underneath her are wet. Janice asks Jason to untie her.
	Jason hesitates and asks her if she enjoyed getting tortured by Kelly. Jason slaps Janice's tits and asks her if she liked being Kelly's slave.
	Janice admits that she loved being Kelly's slave. Now Jason slaps Janice's ass and she tells him that she loves it. Then Jason fucks Janice's pussy while choking her.
	Jason bends Janice over and fucks her pussy while spanking her ass. Now Jason brings Janice to the cage. Suddenly, the cage door shuts as they are inside the cage.
	Jason did not realize that the door automatically shuts. He apologizes to Janice but she is not mad at him.
	Janice tells Jason that she was surprised that she got so turned on. Janice wants to continue and asks Jason to fuck her asshole.
	As Jason fucks Janice's asshole, his phone rings. The phone lies right outside the cage. Danielle is on the phone and Jason asks her to come to Kelly's dungeon.
	15 minutes later Danielle arrives and opens the cage door. Jason continues to fuck Janice's asshole as Danielle is watching them.
	Finally, Jason cums in Janice's asshole and then they go home.
 965. Janice, Danielle and Jason are in the hot tub. Danielle told Janice how they left Kelly in her own dungeon and why she was so mad.
	Then Jason asks Janice if they should have some fun together, since all three of them are in the hot tub. Danielle would not mind, but Janice disagrees.
 966. To repeat the scene in Kelly's dungeon with Janice (step 964), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary".
	Then click on "Kelly's dungeon with Janice".


0.50  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:510  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 967. Make sure you have done step 671. After school go inside the school. Wait for Kira to appear in the corridor and approach her. Click on "Ask about sneakers".
	Jason tells Kira that Julia wants to try jogging, but does not have sneakers. He asks her if she has a spare pair of sneakers. Kira has another pair of sneakers.
	She let Jason lend them for a couple of days and tells him that he can find them in her locker.
 968. Go to the locker room and click on Kira's locker (on the right side the seventh locker door from behind). Jason gets the sneakers.
 969. Go home and to Julia's room when she is in there on her bed checking her phone. Click on "Give her the sneakers". Jason gives Julia the sneakers.
	Now Julia asks Jason to go jogging with her.
 970. Jason and Julia are now jogging in the park. They meet Rachel. She asks Julia how long she has been jogging. Julia tells Rachel that she is just a beginner.
	Then Janice calls Jason on the phone. She wants him to come home because the wardrobe fell on the side and she needs help to set it back.
	Finally, Rachel wants to show Julia the best routes for jogging.
 971. Later that day Jason goes to Billy's home and knocks on the door. Jason hears some sounds coming from the inside. Jason wants to check what is going on there.
	Meanwhile in Rachel's bedroom, Rachel massages Julia's back. Julia wants Rachel to massage her even lower, so Julia asks her to take off her pants.
	Rachel takes off Julia's pants and is surprised to see a butt plug inside Julia's asshole. Rachel tells Julia that she is wearing exactly the same butt plug right now.
	Julia asks Rachel to have a look at her butt plug. Rachel agrees to let Julia have a quick peek. Now Julia takes off Rachel's pants.
	Then she takes a look at Rachel's silver butt plug. Julia wants to try out Rachel's butt plug.
	Rachel tells her that they have to go to the bathroom to wash off all the sweat from jogging and to try out their toys there.
 972. Rachel and Julia are now in the jacuzzi. They kiss each other and Julia licks Rachel's pussy. Then Julia pulls Rachel's butt plug out of her asshole.
	Julia licks the butt plug and then Rachel's asshole. Now Jason appears in the bathroom. He locks the door and they start to have some naughty fun.
	Now choose between fucking Rachel's pussy or ass. Then Julia fists Rachel's asshole as Rachel gives Jason a blowjob. Now Jason fucks Julia's pussy.
	Rachel pulls Julia's butt plug out of her asshole and sticks Jason's cock in Julia's asshole. Now Jason fucks Julia's asshole and Rachel fingers Julia's pussy.
	Then Jason fucks Rachel's asshole as suddenly Rachel's husband comes home and calls her. Rachel tells him that she is taking a bath. Now Julia licks Rachel's pussy.
	Rachel's husband tells her that he wants to go out to see a game and that he will be back in a couple of hours. Then Rachel needs to pee.
	Make sure you have done the watersports in the bathroom with Janice (step 51 a b). Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Tell her to pee here": Rachel pees on Julia's face. Then Jason continues to fuck Rachel's asshole.
	b) "Ask her to hold": Jason asks Rachel to hold it for a little bit longer. Then Jason continues to fuck Rachel's asshole and she squirts on Julia's face.
	Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Cum": Jason cums in Rachel's asshole and then Julia licks the cum out of Rachel's asshole.
	b) "Pee": Jason pees in Rachel's asshole and then Rachel squirts Jason's pee out of her asshole on Julia's face.
 973. To repeat the scene with Rachel and Julia in the jacuzzi (step 972), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary".
	Then click on "Rachel and Julia in the bath". Now choose to let Rachel and Julia wear no outfit or choose between 3 different latex outfits.
 974. At least 3 days later go to the living room. Someone rings at the door. It is Rachel who wants to go jogging with Julia, but Julia is not at home.
	Jason agrees to go jogging with Rachel.
 975. Jason and Rachel are now jogging in the park. Jason needs a break and he sits down on the bench while Rachel is doing some stretches.
	Jason wonders if Rachel is wearing her butt plug right now and asks her. She tells him that she actually does. Jason wants to have a quick glance at her butt plug.
	Rachel agrees and Jason pulls off her pants entirely. Rachel tells Jason to hurry up because she does not want to stand there with her bare butt all day.
	Now Jason starts to caress and then lick Rachel's pussy. Then he takes his cock out and fucks Rachel's pussy. Suddenly a stranger comes by.
	Jason hides his face behind Rachel and Rachel hides her face behind her hand. The stranger likes what he sees and Rachel is excited about the situation.
	Then the stranger moves on and Jason cums in Rachel's pussy. Now Jason wants to make a naughty picture and Rachel has an idea for the picture.
	She holds onto the lantern with her hands and spreads her legs. Suddenly Rachel slips and falls on her butt. Jason helps her to stand up.
	Rachel says that her butt hurts so much. Jason asks her if she has pulled out her butt plug because it is gone.
	Rachel tells Jason that she can clearly feel it in her butt, so it must have gone much deeper than it is supposed to. Jason decides to get Rachel to the hospital.
 976. Rachel is now in the hospital bed. Jason says that Rachel did not get any serious injuries. Suddenly Julia comes in.
	She tells Rachel that she totally freaked out when she heard that Rachel is in the hospital. Julia wants Rachel to tell her what exactly happened.
	Rachel refuses to tell her this because it is so embarrassing. Now Jason shows Julia on his phone how it happened. Julia now sees what happened in the park.
	Rachel gets angry and tells them she could have hurt herself seriously. Then she wants Jason to bring her a glass of water.
	As Jason returns to the hospital room door with the glass of water, he suddenly realizes that the green lights at the storage room door are on, so the door is open.
	Jason enters the storage room. Click on the bottles with the red cap and Jason adds the experimental medicine to the water. Now Jason returns to Rachel and Julia.
	He gives Rachel the glass of water and she drinks it. A few moments later Rachel says that it is getting hot in here and that she needs to get some sleep.
	Now Jason and Julia caress Rachel to start some naughty fun with her. Then Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and Rachel licks Julia's pussy. Suddenly Billy appears.
	When you are not on Billy's path, click on "Tell Billy to go away" and the scene continues just like the step 976 b.
	(Billy): Make sure you have done step 675. Now you have 2 options:
	a) "Offer Billy to join": Jason tells Billy to join them and that Julia is all here for him. Then Jason fucks Rachel's pussy and asshole and Billy fucks Julia's pussy.
	   Now Jason and Billy take turns fucking Julia's pussy and asshole. The scene continues with Jason fucking Rachel's asshole and Billy fucking Julia's pussy.
	   Then Jason cums in Rachel's asshole and Billy cums in Julia's pussy.
	b) "Tell Billy to go away": Jason tells Billy that his mom is fine and that she is in good hands. He asks him to go home and continue to play his video games.
	   Now Billy goes home and Jason continues to fuck Rachel's pussy while Rachel continues to lick Julia's pussy.
	   Then Jason fucks Rachel's and Julia's pussies and assholes in different positions and cums in Julia's asshole.
	Finally, Kendra enters the hospital room to show them Rachel's butt plug. She is stunned to see all the filthy mess.
 977. To repeat the scene with Rachel at the park (step 975), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary". Then click on "Rachel at the park".
 978. To repeat the scene with Rachel and Julia at the hospital (step 976), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary".
	Then click on "Rachel at the hospital". Now choose to let Rachel and Julia wear no outfit or choose between 3 different latex outfits.


0.51  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:510  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 979.	Make sure you have done the steps 965 and 976. Go to sleep in Jason's bed. Jason wakes up and hears some noises coming from the hot tub. Then he goes to the hot tub.
 980. In the hot tub, Danielle tells Janice about a guy whose tool was quite a big one. Jason joins them in the hot tub and asks Danielle whose tool was quite a big one.
	Danielle tells him that they are just sharing old stories from college times. Jason asks Danielle if the guy's dick was bigger than his.
	Janice gets sleepy and goes to take a shower before heading to bed. Jason asks Danielle again if that guy's dick was bigger than his after all.
	Danielle tells Jason that it is hard to say, because it was a long time ago. Jason asks Danielle to let him refresh her memories.
	Danielle agrees and Jason sucks on Danielle's tit. Now Danielle tells him that they should not do it while Janice is sleeping.
	She also tells Jason that it does not feel right doing it behind Janice's back. Jason agrees and tells Danielle that they should go and ask Janice to join them.
	Danielle mentions that Janice wanted to go to bed. Jason says that Janice wanted to go to bed after a quick shower.
	He also says that if they hurry up, she might be still taking a shower. Now Danielle and Jason head to the bathroom.
 981. In the bathroom, Danielle and Jason sneak up on Janice. After mentioning that she is tired, Janice agrees that some fun before sleep would not hurt.
	Now Janice, Danielle and Jason have a steamy threesome. In the further course, Jason fucks Janice's and Danielle's asshole.
	Then you can choose to switch between Janice's and Danielle's asshole or "Continue" to fuck Danielle's asshole. Finally, Jason cums over Janice's and Danielle's asses.
	Jason tells Danielle that it is pretty late right now and the streets are not safe at this time nowadays. Then he asks her to stay overnight.
	Janice agrees and Jason tells Danielle that she can even sleep with them in their bed.
 982. In the bedroom at night, Jason wakes up having a boner. Jason tries to wake up Janice and Danielle. Danielle wakes up and gives Jason a handjob.
	Then he asks Danielle if she could use her other parts of her body for solving his problem. Now you can choose to fuck Danielle's pussy or ass.
	After Jason cums in Danielle's pussy or ass, they both fall asleep.
 983. The next morning Julia wakes up Jason asking him where Janice is. Julia tells him that Janice is not at home and she does not pick up her phone.
	Jason says that Janice maybe just went to the store. Julia answers him that Janice left her wallet and purse at home and that she never goes shopping this early.
	Now Danielle wakes up asking what is going on. Jason tells her that Janice is gone. Julia says that Janice is nowhere to be found.
	Julia also says that all her personal stuff is here at home and never leaves this early without telling anyone.
	Danielle tells them she has some ideas as to where Janice might have gone and that she is going to check it. Then Danielle asks Jason to look for clues here at home.
	Now go to the living room, then to the bathroom. Click on Janice's phone laying left to the sink. Jason reads the messages on Janice's phone.
	Jason learns that Kelly is blackmailing Janice for bringing Jason to the dungeon and that Janice went to Kelly to stop her from making calls.
	Jason realizes that the visit to the pharmacy store (steps 963 and 964) was not accidental.
 984. Jason is now at the dungeon and sees that Kelly is punishing Janice. Michelle is also there. She is tied up and unconscious. Then Kelly goes to Michelle.
	Kelly tells Janice that Kira told Michelle about their dungeon sessions and that Michelle paid her a visit to tell her to leave her daughter alone.
	Kelly also tells Janice that Michelle tried to threaten her. Then Kelly wants to get some tools for a more pleasant conversation with Michelle.
	As soon as Jason says that Kelly is almost there, you have 2 options:
	a) "Grab her!". You have five seconds to click on this. Jason grabs Kelly and fixes her. Janice gets Kelly's dildo from her strap-on and fucks Kelly's pussy with it.
	   Then Jason fucks Kelly's pussy while Janice fucks Kelly's mouth with the dildo. Now they free Kelly and go to the bed. Then Janice fucks Kelly's asshole.
	   While Janice fucks Kelly's asshole with the dildo, Jason fucks Janice's pussy and asshole. Then Janice and Jason free Danielle and lay her on the bed.
	   Now they fix Kelly again and Janice fucks her pussy while Jason spanks Kelly's ass. Jason now fucks Kelly's asshole while Janice still fucks Kelly's pussy.
	   Then Janice tells Jason to fist Kelly's asshole. Jason slides his hand and nearly his whole underarm in Kelly's asshole.
	   Then Janice thinks that they punished Kelly enough. She tells Jason that she is sure that Kelly will think twice next time doing something stupid like this.
	   Finally, Janice and Jason take Michelle. Then they go home.
	b) When you do not click on "Grab her!", Kelly grabs Jason and fixes him. Then Kelly continues to punish Janice. Now she forces Janice to lick Jason's asshole.
	   Then Kelly fucks Jason's asshole with her strap-on and forces Janice to suck Jason's cock. Now Janice frees Jason and they go to the bed.
	   Janice continues to suck Jason's cock and Kelly continues to fuck Jason's asshole. Then Kelly forces Jason to enter Janice's pussy. Now Jason fucks Janice's pussy.
	   Then Kelly goes away to get a bigger toy and Janice tells Jason that this is the moment. Janice sneaks up on Kelly and grabs her.
	   Janice tells Kelly that she will not hurt Jason anymore. Kelly fights back and Jason helps Janice to subdue Kelly.
	   Finally, Janice and Jason fix Kelly and free Michelle. Then they go home.
 985. Janice and Jason lay Michelle in Janice's bed. Janice is worried about what Kelly did to Michelle and is pretty sure that Kelly fed her up with sleeping pills.
	Now Jason asks Janice about the agreement with Kelly and what it was about. Janice tells Jason that Kelly found out the whole truth about Jason's birth and adoption.
	Janice also tells Jason that Kelly threatened her to report her and that Janice would lose him, so she had no other choice.
	Jason convinces Janice that there is nothing to worry about and that he totally understands, because he could not live without Janice.
	Then Janice goes to take a hot shower. Jason stays with Michelle to keep an eye on her and wonders what she is dreaming about.
 986. Michelle has a dream about being in a strange realm. A Protector appears who tells Michelle that he is protecting this realm from filthy invaders like Michelle.
	He fucks Michelle's mouth while telling her this. Michelle pushes him away from her and tells him that she is not one of them.
	The Protector tells Michelle that he could show her a few tricks that will surprise her. Michelle answers him that she has seen everything in her life.
	Then the Protector starts to suck on Michelle's tit as suddenly a second Protector appears. The second Protector licks Michelle's asshole.
	The Protector tells Michelle that it is him too and that he can be in several places at the same time. Then they start having sex in different positions.
	Finally, the Protector cums all over Michelle.
 987.	Meanwhile, Jason came inside Michelle's asshole as Janice appears. She asks Jason what he was thinking and what if Michelle wakes up.
	Jason tells Janice that she has been sleeping for hours and he is sure that she will be out until the morning. Suddenly Michelle wakes up.
	She asks what is happening and where she is.
 988. To repeat the hot tub scene (step 980), the bathroom scene (step 981) and the bedroom scene (step 982) with Janice and Danielle, go to sleep in Jason's bed.
	Jason randomly wakes up at night and hears some noises coming from the pool. Click on "Go check the hot tub".
 989. To repeat the scene in Kelly's dungeon (step 984), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary".
	Then click on "Follow Janice to the Kelly's dungeon".
 990. To repeat Michelle's dream (step 986), go home and to Jason's room. Click on Jason's screen and on "Diary". Then click on "Michelle's dream".


0.52  Janice:550  Julia:550  Kelly:450  Emma:510  Rebecca:400  Adrianna:255  Rachel:500  Danielle:510  Kira:410  Kendra:300  Michelle:325
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 991. Go to Jason's room. Janice will appear and she will want to talk about Kelly.
 992. Go to Danielle's house. And talk to her abou the meeting. Danielle asks to deliver an envelope to Rachel
 993. Go to Rachel's house and knock on the door, deliver the envelope and invite her to the meeting.
 994. Go the school, talk to Rebecca and invite her to the meeting.
 995. Go to Emma's house and invite her to the meeting.
 996. Go to the hospital and talk to Kendra about Emma's appointment and invite her to the meeting.
 997. The scene can be repeated through PC>Diary.